You're dealing with weapons that would
make hydrogen bomb look like a tinker
toy.
It's the largest criminal corrupt
organization in the history of the
earth. Most people have a price.
Yeah.
In either blackmail, threats or money or
position. I said sit on it and rotate.
[applause]
Why are you so [music]
controversial?
Just let me finish. Let me finish. Let
me finish the story. You keep
interrupting me, but I will tell you if
you'll let me finish. The really
high-tech stuff they've slammed into a
box. It would liberate every home, every
car, every [music] factory, every
country.
Yeah.
Into energy independence, no pollution,
and no poverty. [music] Here's a warning
to you money grubbing [__] It's It's
going to It's going to be open sourced.
So, I've been doing this for one hell
[music] of a long time since I was 35. I
thought everything that went bump in the
night was alien. I did. And it wasn't
until I started having people come
forward who said, "Oh, we piloted
these." [music] And then I had guys come
forward who had actually been on the
abduction squad made to look like
aliens.
Whoa.
And they said, "Oh, no."
You met people who've like
committed those crimes. Yeah. And they
feel terrible later in life.
The folks who know about this, [music]
they need to come clean truthfully soon.
This is getting very serious right now.
Whether you're in Congress, the Senate,
the public, or someone on your podcast,
they need to be arrested and tried for
treason and sedition against United
States.
Does that involve storming Area 51 and
Dougway and the right pad or what? What
does this involve? Literally. [music]
This week's long awaited American
Alchemist is Dr. Steven Greer. Love him
or hate him, this medical doctor turned
UFO truth seeker has played a big part
in modern disclosure that can't be
ignored. If you are trying to get closer
to the truth, you just can't really
throw out his foundational research, the
Disclosure Project archive, and his
whistleblower testimonies. He's gathered
more firstirhand UFO witnesses than
anyone on the planet, and humanity owes
him a debt for that. In my opinion,
speaking to Dr. Greer is like panning
for gold. If you get past some of his
antics, there's a ton of value there.
I've been told by people not to do this
interview because of those antics. I
don't really care for being told who I
should and shouldn't speak with. Talking
to someone on a podcast is not in any
way an endorsement of all of their
beliefs. So, I decided to sit down with
him. The one caveat I will include here
is Dr. Greer goes after just about
everybody in UFO world and hurls out a
ton of ad homonyms. If I had tried to
perfectly referee all of his
accusations, this would have turned into
an unintelligible and endless argument
about who the bad faith actors are in
UFO world. Although I generally agree
with him there are probably many. So
instead, I tried to show appreciation
for his incontrovertible contributions
to UFO disclosure and to learn what I
could from him. So without further ado
or disclaimers, please enjoy this
special long- form episode with this
week's American Alchemist, Dr. Steven
Greer.
I'm here with Dr. Steven Greer. Uh I'm
so excited to do this. This has been a
long time coming for me because I've
explored a lot in UFO world. Sure.
And you are really responsible for
a lot of disclosure. I mean, a lot of
the most of the whistleblowers who've
come out have had a touch point with you
before they've gone public. And so, uh
Disclosure Project is is your kind of
organization. You have an archive with
terabytes of data, documents that go
incredibly deep on the coverup. You've
also uh made a couple of great movies on
acknowledged uh the last century about
suppressed science and
and the new one that just came out, the
battle for disclosure
and the battle for disclosure and uh and
then you've given me this incredible uh
this briefing
for the president. We we cleaned it up.
Okay.
And redacted things and then made it
available to the public so everyone can
get it now. So you'll have 90 plus% of
what the new president has.
That's pretty awesome. The disclosure
project briefing document 2025. So have
you spoken to Trump or his team or
I can't I won't I can't talk about the
who the names but very senior people
relevant to this issue and national
security. Yes. So as soon as the
election happened um even before so some
of his closest uh adviserss and and
major funders have been on my team and
are supportive of this and
uh some of them that are new to that
world and just to be clear to everyone
I'm nonpartisan so I've dealt with all
the way back to Clinton and the Obama
and John Podesta all the way forward to
now. So my institute uh and the
disclosure project is completely a
nonpartisan has to be and only
nonpartisan it's global because I do the
same thing for Europe, Australia, Great
Britain. I was just in Great Britain in
September.
So we're assiduously carefully
nonpartisan. With that said,
this administration,
I think the first administration
since Bill Clinton tried to fix this
problem in his first term is most open
to perhaps pursuing it. We'll see.
That would be very exciting. Well, this
brings up this kind of perennial
question because I think a lot of people
associate this topic with the quote
unquote deep state and they also
associate Bill Clinton with the quote
unquote deep state. And so, how deep is
the deep state that deals with this
topic? If you have Bill Clinton kind of
knocking on the door of the program and
not getting let in, what are we talking
about as far as a a power structure
here?
Well, it's exactly what Eisenhower
described when he went out of office in
' 61 in January of ' 61 when he left and
Jack Kennedy came in and he said,
"Beware of the military-industrial
complex. It'll become a threat to our
way of life and excessive secrecy. will
destroy democracy. I'm paraphrasing, but
you can read the speech. Um, the same
thing that Jack Kennedy said in a number
of speeches. And then we know for a
fact, and I know the people who have the
actionable intelligence on this, Jack
Kennedy was killed over this issue
and the constellation of programs
attached to Gaps and particularly the
science and technology branch of it,
which we'll get into. That's two big
pillars here keeping it secret. They
want people to go out publicly, and we
know who they are, who will spin the
subject in the direction of it being an
alien threat for the purpose of a
totalitarian superstate
uniting the world against aliens, which
is a total hoax and nonsense.
And that's, you know, it's like the
movie Independence Day or the War of the
Worlds or whatever, you know, like when
Will Smith goes, "Let's kick alien
butt." Right? [snorts] that, you know,
that whole script was like out of CIA
central scripting casting.
Not that Will Smith is, he's a great
guy, but
um it was reached out to us and very
interested,
but I think that the the
trajectory of this goes back to the late
50s,
probably earlier, but definitely the
decapitation
of the presidency happened on
Eisenhower's watch. And we know that
Jackie Gleason knew this and some people
that in my early days as a young doctor
when I first started this, I got to know
some people who had known Eisenhower
and and uh like one of our
whistleblowers way back then at the when
we kicked off the whole disclosure
project effort in the mid 90s. It was
called Project Starlight code name. We
were private
and then it went public in 01 with the
National Press Club
that had 800 million people see it.
And then 911 happened. happened a few
months later as a direct consequence
which we can I don't want to get into
that much but it was this was going to
get blown wide open
[snorts]
interesting
they had to have they had needed a
diversion so they created something
called 9/11 and that's been stuck in
that world for 20 years
but what's fascinating about this
so-called deep state is that it was an
carryover out of World War II
and it [clears throat] started when uh a
man who was one of the original founders
of CIA, Allan Dulles.
Uh it was OSS during World War II. The
other thing was
a guy named Paul Melon. And Melon was
one of the few billionaires in the world
at the end of World War II.
I mean, a million having billions of
dollars in 45.
Amazing. So Paul Melon's grandson
who is John Warner I 4th the the the son
of Senator John Warner I got to know
years ago and he said look first time I
walked into his house
Mhm.
it's at the Watergate has to a huge
place on the water and
and uh John Warner I not his father the
senator Warner but John Warner he I walk
in he goes well my whole family are
fascists. I went what? He says, "Oh,
yeah." So his his grandfather, Paul
Melon,
so Warner, his father had married uh
Paul Melon's daughter.
So it's all very familial.
Mhm.
This runs family back way back.
And he said, "Yeah, I mean, he was a
huge supporter of Adolf Hitler and
fascism. So was Henry Ford. So was
Watson of IBM.
So these were all hardcore. And so was
Prescott Bush, George HW Bush's dad."
Yeah. They were known to be big
supporters of fascism.
They were at like Union Bank, Brown
Brothers, Haramman.
Yep. All that. Chase Manhattan. The
whole the whole thing.
So that was went put into kind of stasis
for a few years till we won I call it
the battle of World War II,
but then those people sort of covertly
surfaced after World War II.
Well, there's a story of John Warner 4
and he's having martinis, I believe,
with with Paul Melon.
That's what I'm talking about. And he
admitted this. And he admitted going
over and getting a Nazi disc.
That's right.
That was not a ramjet. It was actually
electrogravidic.
And my grandfather said, "Look, you
know, we we were in a facility, a
hanger, and we saw, you know, a German
flying disc." And I said, you know, "Oh,
is that the one that was cobbled
together with six BMW jet engines?"
[music] And he laughed and he said,
"No."
Now, some of them are extraterrestrial.
Yeah. I don't use the word alien because
people think it's someone from Guatemala
or something. But um but an ETV, an
extraterrestrial vehicle or NHI craft,
non-human intelligence craft.
Um that's not what he brought back. It
was a not it was a Nazi
early prototype, but it wasn't stable.
It took us from 1945
to 1954 to master what's called gravity
control.
Yeah. And I have a man who is a
whistleblower but privately who is the
top scientist at the Naval Research Labs
who has passed away. So I'll say his
name is Richard Foch FOC.
Rick had been in the vault and saw the
documents
for the date we mastered gravity control
and it was October 1954. So beginning in
the late 50s forward, many of the UAPs,
UFOs, whatever the new fake word is are
using for these things that's also out
of CI. We'll talk about the word usage
and how it's a mind colonization.
It's a mind [__] excuse my language,
but um
to think how these guys think, right?
You had to have to get at their level.
And so from there forward,
they said they had captured or shot down
a couple of ET craft,
but they weren't starting from zero.
They already had that, right? The Nazi
disc. They had the T Towns and Brown
Electrovidics, which became the
foundation of Rand Corporation, by the
way. And so
how do you that's interesting because I
know Towns and Brown did some
experiments in the 60s right before his
work got kind of covertly transferred to
Northrup Grumman for the B2 and he did a
presentation for Rand Corporation and
then something happened and so
Y
but that started in the 20s.
Mhm. Well his experiments. Yeah.
Okay. So late 1920s they were using very
high voltage material uh resonant
frequencies certain frequencies at very
high voltage but low power.
Mhm.
Not a lot of current.
Yeah. Low current. Yeah.
Low current if you understand
electromagnetism. And power is
you know the the current times the
voltage.
Right. The fact is is that he was able
to hit a sweet spot with certain
crystallin materials.
High K dialectrics.
Yeah. And that would then levitate.
Yeah. float that was 28 29. It was
reproduced in Germany in the Kowski
frost experiment. All this is in by the
way the disclosure project intelligence
archive. We released it all.
dpiarchive.com.
Is that dpiarchive.com
and so I go anyone who wants to see it
there. If you can read you you'll learn
it.
But so that percolated along
so the CL covert programs with this go
way back to the turn of the last
century. Yeah.
Late 1800s, early 1900s. There are still
top secret files on this issue from the
late 1800s and early 1900s. We know
this.
Wow.
Way back.
Fascinating.
Yeah, it is fascinating.
And how do you know that it goes that
far back?
Because one of the very top people since
1979 at the CIA who's worked this issue
is an intel source for me.
So what is the secrecy? Because we think
we associate it with the CIA which was
formed in 47. Even OSS was 42 through
45.
Yeah. So, like if it this was like late
19th century, is it Office of Naval
Intelligence? Is it secret societies? Is
it both?
What's up, guys? I want to tell you
about my new favorite boots. These
things are epic. I've been wearing these
everywhere. They're called Brunt.
They're insanely comfortable and
durable. These things last for years and
they're super versatile. I wear them for
hiking, for hanging out. They look
pretty swaggy if you're going out. They
even look good in work meetings. They
feel incredibly comfortable. There's no
annoying break-in period. They just kind
of form fit to your foot right off the
bat. They're lightweight. You don't have
to lug them around, but they're also
super weather resistant, waterproof, and
durable. Brunt is committed to making
sure you're 100% satisfied with your new
gear. With over 500,000 customers
already on board, these boots are the
best in the category. Take it from me.
Brunt makes the most epic, durable, and
comfortable work boots. For a limited
time, our listeners get $10 off at Brunt
by using code Jesse at checkout. Just
head to bruntwork.com
and use code Jesse and you're all set.
Even better, Brunt lets you try all
their products on the job riskfree. Just
go to bruntworkwear.com
and use code jessie for $10 off. Again,
that's bruntwork.com
code Jesse. After you purchase, they
will ask you where you heard about them.
Please support our show and tell them
that we sent you. What? What was
No, it was it was again it was military
intelligence and scientists who were
under contract and there were top secret
things going on.
See, people forget Nicola Tesla.
Mhm.
Not the fake Tesla cars with a little
toy battery you plug in. No, I'm not
talking about the fake Tesla.
I'm talking about Nicola Tesla.
You know, as Einstein was asked, "What's
it like being a genius?" And he goes, "I
[snorts] wouldn't know. You should ask
Nicola Tesla." Ah,
see I think that was the real genius.
I agree with you
of of of the the 20th century.
Him and Towns and Brown in my opinion.
Yes. And
Matt Faraday, Maxwell, they all had
stumbled across this electromagnetic
effect.
So this is when I say we have a hundred
in the lost century. Everyone goes see
this documentary. It's a documentation
of a hundred years of lost technologies
that are really advanced. And I don't
mean the crap out of Silicon Valley.
It's just peripheral garbage, you know,
iPhones, all that stuff. It's just
that's not high-tech.
There's none of it. So, the really
high-tech stuff they've slammed into a
box because it would liberate, this is a
libertarian's dream. It would liberate
every home, every car, every factory,
every country.
Yeah.
Into energy independence, no pollution,
and no poverty. But then that undercuts
this uber elite oligarchy.
Yeah.
The super powerful trillion dollar. I'm
not talking Elon Musk. Couple hundred
billion. Nobody cares about $200
billion.
Yeah.
We're talking hundreds of trillions of
dollars in assets.
Can I say where I might disagree with
you? I think we have these novel effects
in the black around towns and brown
[snorts] electrogravidics, things like
that, extended electronamics. And then I
I'm not so sure. You might be right, but
I'm not sure that we have like scalable
zero point energy that could like take
out the grid. Do you have high
confidence that we have?
I have 100% knowledge of it. And
absolutely.
Really?
Absolutely. We have it. And you know
what? the CEO of a Fortune50
company,
I'm sorry, chairman, not CEO,
who's retired now,
has approached us last year. As soon as
he did, he had a wet works assassination
team threatened to kill him and his
entire family and grandchildren.
Wow.
So, he's 80 now, but he wants to come
forward and the first thing he said is,
"We [clears throat] have we could have
had free energy for the world and quote
decades and decades ago." Absolutely
true.
Is this company a defense prime or is it
it I won't comment except it is one of
the it's a household name in the United
States.
Wow.
And this is the former chairman
and he came to you saying
yes
I want to get this out.
Yes. But of course this is why we're get
to this in a little while. why some of
the executive orders and things in
Congress we've been working on provides
ironclad protection
not just legal but physical like federal
marshall protection or secret service uh
to the HVT high value targets
very high value whistleblowers
because [clears throat] we have several
categories of whistleblowers
I have 760ome whistleblowers that I've
debriefed
some of them at such a high level that
they're in serious risk. This is not a
conspiracy theory of just being whacked,
right? Killed and their families
and uh we have to protect them. So the
president needs to sign executive order
and the Congress needs to enshrine in
law, which they almost did in December
of 23, a little over a year ago, but
that got gutted in the reconciliation of
the National Defense Authorization Act.
And the part of it that I had helped
consult on for Senate Intelligence
Committee
because I've been in the skiff there and
done things for them
that got taken out
and the reconciliation by some devils
who are in the House of Representatives.
We know who they are
and one of them got removed
he got removed as head of because I blew
the whistle on it. I said that guy out
well
because here's the problem. If you are
carrying water
Uhhuh.
for a criminal conspiracy, a
transnational corrupt organization,
which is what this is, that is
committing murder, abductions.
Mhm.
Alien abductions are covert human
programs, by the way, 100%. I mean,
that's the other big secret nobody
knows. Then you're also committing
embezzlement of monies, black budget
money that's being embezzled that the
president and Congress have not have no
knowledge of.
you're murdering people. Take the whole
federal penal code, throw it at these
people. So, where I am at this point,
because I'm look, in June I'll be 70.
So, I've been doing this for one hell of
a long time since I was 35. My view of
it at this point is we're going to have
to get serious against these criminal
elements. But if you're carrying water
for them, if you're one of their shills
or cutout, whether you're in Congress,
the Senate, the public, or someone on
your podcast, they need to be arrested
and tried for treason
and sedition against United States. I'm
going on the record and say that. And
this is seriously being discussed.
So, I'm issuing this as a warning. this
chicainery and nonsense
one way or another is going to come to a
screeching halt because there are people
not just me I've been saying this for 30
years you go back and see what I saw in
the meetings with the Clinton people
back in 95
93 94 95 I briefed the CIA director for
Clinton in December 13th of 93
Wow
so I mean before probably you were born
but the point I'm making is that this is
a really huge problem so if Even if
you're a low-level operative, you're
just [clears throat] carrying water for
this messaging.
Mhm.
Right. And disinforming the public or
blocking bills, you are part of a
criminal operation.
And RICO, racketeering influence corrupt
organization conspiracy can be invoked
and grab them all up. Speaking of
Clinton, his uh deputy assistant
secretary of defense [snorts] for
intelligence Chris Melon has been
responsible for pushing a lot of, you
know, disclosure post 2017, this article
with Leslie Kaine, these videos that
have come out, he and Lou Alzando uh in
the New York Times. How do you square
that with Paul Melon being one of the
founders of the CIA? because all three
of the people you named are being told
to tell part of the truth and the
partial truth is actually more damaging
than than saying nothing. So if you tell
people one we don't know what these are.
So all three of them say oh it's a UAP
we don't know what they are bull
malarkey or in Texas cow pods. I mean
it's just nonsense.
We know what they are. There are
extraterrestrial vehicles and HIV
vehicles. There are man-made ones.
That's the majority that are seen now.
That's the biggest secret. And then
there are things that are
extradimensional. They're not from
another star system from from another
dimension. They're not craft. They're
beings. All that gets put into a blender
and confused on purpose.
Are there any time travel to gas? Well,
time and space is funible,
right? But I'm just Well, let's stay on
this for a minute. So, if you're if
you're told, "Say this, but then
misdirect the public on that."
Let me tell you how great
counter intelligence works.
You take truth, put it on the outside,
like a sweet coating. Inside
this nice little piece of candy is the
poison pill. So, they'll come out and
they'll say, "These are real, but we
don't know what they are. We don't know
how they fly." Big lie.
or they'll say they're a threat to the
national security. Well, the man-made
ones are because they're running by a
transnational criminal organization out
of the control of the White House and
the Congress.
What is that organization? Do we have a
name for it?
Oh, it used to be called Majestic 12.
The last I know it's been the last good
name I can pinpoint on a document from
the 90s from the NRO national
reconnaissance office was uh magic
magic
which is the majority joint intelligence
committee or just magi they're they're a
global they're transnational
organization
oh absolutely
that coincides with different
governments national governments but
basically has supersedes them has power
over them. Yeah, I mean it's what uh
Senator Enoi
who is a Democrat who was the chairman
of the committee looking into Iran
Contra back in the 80s during the Reagan
years a
and he said um beware now he's the one
who said there exists a shadow or secret
government that's above the US
government
that has its own funding mechanism its
own air force its own navy that's above
the law and free from the law itself I'm
almost quoting you can look it up it's
in our archive How do they stay
coordinated in the world of like
smartphones and stuff where you know
[laughter]
how the N the regular guys at NSA don't
have the level to keep that organization
out
because they have technologies that
penetrate time space
that go beyond electromagnetic
conventional encryption. So,
do you think you've met any members of
this majestic 12 or or magic? Okay.
Of course, I have for sure. For sure.
Interesting.
And that's why you know back in '92
Yeah.
Well, I was on Patrick David's show a
couple weeks ago and he said,
"You know what kind of I said, well, in
'92, General Stubble offered me $2
billion."
Yeah.
To be part of his little cabal of
goostepping fools. And I said,
"What did he say? What did So Stubble is
what? Army counterintel." He was I think
at one time he had been head of army
intelligence and special forces
and um whole career but his career
dealing with UFOs goes back to the 60s.
Really?
Yes.
So when did
they had an intel source who had worked
with them way back then?
Now remember this is 1992.
So this is 33 years ago in May. dismay.
Um, and Bet David thought there's no way
that was a serious I said, "Oh, yeah, it
was."
Because he knew I could make a lot of
trouble for them
and that would have been a bargain, two
billion, because I've caused a lot more
trouble.
Did they ever offer to show you a UFO
and to so that you would stop talking?
[laughter]
No. I mean, look, there no amount of
money or threats are going to get me to
stop the mission I'm on. That's to bring
the truth out of this and let us start a
real golden age where we have all these
technologies, you know, super advanced
society.
Have you ever seen a UFO not in the air
but in a hanger in like a
Oh, taken to one of those places. I've
been in places where they have been. I
have not seen this. Yeah. Okay.
But I have many many whistleblowers.
See, one of the my gripes with the House
Oversight Committee
Yeah.
they have not had a single legitimate
whistleblower up there who's a direct
firshand person. Mhm.
And I find it very very very odd.
Yeah.
Because I I've met and discussed this
with with Grush and Luna and others and
I go here here's a hard drive.
Yeah.
Unredacted.
Well, you've spoken to David Grush.
Oh, yeah. Well, I met Okay, let's go
back a little bit.
Yeah.
I met with Grush when he was still an
undercover
uh operative. Okay.
And no one knew who he was. His bosses
were the ones I was providing intel to
that helped him and other people get to
find what he found.
Who were who were his bosses?
I can't talk about that. There are
people in the
look the the Senate Intelligence
Committee and Senate Armed Services had
authorized and a bill had been written
to form Arrow at the Pentagon
and to have investigations on this. So
the bosses in charge of that
at that level of intel were the people
who wanted him to go out and one of them
set up this meeting between me and and
and Mr. Grush.
Um and
do you like David Grush? Do you feel
like do you find him to be an honest
actor?
Oh he absolutely what he said about what
he found.
But again he's secondhand.
My whistleblowers are direct firsthand.
He has said that he's actually had
firsthand knowledge since getting that
critique. So, and I don't know exactly
what that is, but
well, he's been pulled into some, but
the problem is he got attached to a
gentleman named Luis Alzando, who is
mainly there to provide partial truth
and this is what I was talking about
earlier. So if if you put out some
information and then attach the
disinformation to it, there's a threat,
we need to, you know, go to World War II
in an alien battle,
we don't have um these technologies
ourselves. We've never developed that
advance. When I have direct people
who've worked on, built and flown the
man-made UFOs,
right? So these are your high value
target whistleblowers. We have a
whistleblower who's flown uh an alien
reproduction vehicle, a UFO that we've
seen. And more importantly, the man who
managed all the pilots who flew them out
of Edwards Air Force Base Edwards
complex.
Did he say what it was like to fly in a
UFO?
Well, they're controlled from 1G.
Wow. So in other words, they could be
going 200,000 miles per hour, stop, make
a turn,
and now your if you were in a
conventional aircraft,
even if it could go that fast, your no
your brains would come out through your
nose from the
G. Oh yeah. G forces would just splatter
you.
But they can control. So really what
they are,
they're moving in an electromagnetic
field space-time bubble.
So that they can move as if there's none
of that gravitational effect. Did he say
he was feeling like he would feel like
he was going fast or it was
you can feel mostly like 1g
or a little lighter?
Wow.
So yeah, you don't feel that uh centrial
force or cri, you know.
Are you worried you're going to hit
something at that speed? Like it's just
so
well if they do it right. They have
they've had some terrible disasters.
Uhhuh.
I know a man two different people who've
been on the retrieval teams of the
triangular ones. Ah,
so North Grumman, my uncle
was on the team that designed the lunar
module first on the moon.
Oh, that's
and uh his whole career is north of
Grman. Now, [clears throat] this was not
his portfolio, but he heard things right
because he was a senior project manager
eventually moved out from Long Island at
Beth Page where they actually designed
and built the lunar module, landed on
the moon
with Neil Armstrong to California. But
he was this was not his because you know
those special projects let's call him
within North of Grum and Lockheed
Skunkworks are hermetically sealed from
their normal business
of jets and rockets and whatever you
know the normal stuff
that's true of all these corporate
contractors.
It it has to be because [clears throat]
I think about like you know Chinese
eating our lunch in hypersonics right
now. So like how is that possible and
consistent with the fact that we have
hyperllight drive ships you know like
those two things but there so they just
don't talk to each other you have these
secret black programs
they don't even know each other exists
they don't know each other exists and so
the problem with that little of secrecy
the Eisenhower foretold
is that that entity can then take on a
life of its own
because of their technological
capabilities but not only in energy and
propulsion but in surveillance
right Mhm.
So, we haven't talked about that yet.
Uh, and this is where you get into the
really high end of psionics
that Jake
uh talks about a little bit, but I've
been talking about since 1990.
Um, so the cheap end of it is the remote
viewing program that the CIA had,
right?
That's just the innate abilities and
what Bob Monroe had with Hemisync remote
viewing. um what we do with C5 contact.
Mhm.
But the high end of it an
electromagnetic transdimensional
interface with consciousness and mind
and technology.
So do you think they have mind control
techniques?
Today I want to share something that's
become a gamecher for me personally.
Qualia senolytic. Have you ever heard
about senolytics? It's a revolutionary
class of ingredients that researchers
discovered less than a decade ago, and
they're already being hailed as one of
the biggest breakthroughs in promoting
healthy aging. This is where
Qualioenolytic shines. As we age, our
bodies accumulate what scientists call
scesscent cells, also known as zombie
cells. These cells just sit there hoging
resources and dragging down your energy,
recovery, and even mental clarity. Think
of it like pruning a plant. You've got
to remove the dead leaves to get the
rest to thrive. Since I started taking
Qualiaenolytic, I felt a huge boost in
energy and productivity. I'm sharper,
more focused, and genuinely feel like
I've rolled the clock back. And here's
the kicker. You only need to take it 2
days a month. This science-backed
formula is non-GMO, vegan, and designed
to work synergistically to help your
body shed those zombie cells. And with a
100-day money back guarantee, there's
zero risk in trying it out for yourself.
So resist aging at the cellular level
and try Qualia Senolytic. Go to
qualia.com/jesse
for up to 50% off and use code jesse at
checkout for an additional 15% off. For
your convenience, Qualia is also
available at select GNC locations near
you. That's qu a l iife.com/jesse
for an extra 15% off your purchase.
Thanks so much to Qualia for sponsoring
today's episode.
Oh, sure.
So then why aren't that this cuz I
but I mean it it's not like you know
it's not like some science fiction you
hit a button and someone becomes an
automaton. I mean the automatons like
Jake talked about, Jake Barber talked
about who are these P3 operators go
through a rigorous training program so
they can become
like almost like a machine human machine
interface between the people controlling
them and the ET vehicles.
So it's a very elaborate program. But
what I tell people is that in the mid to
late 50s I I had met a man who invented
kind of a headset like he's wearing
that would uh basically put you in a
state in consciousness so you could
remote view distant places.
56.
Wow.
And he offered it to me. I said this is
going to be too hot to handle.
I'm it's dangerous enough what we're
doing. I'm if I have that I'm a dead
man. M
so but the man was in his 80s by then
because that was 50s6 this would
probably have been in 93 or four.
Mhm.
Um all kinds of people started coming to
me in the early 90s after we had four ET
craft materialize in the air in Florida
near Pensacola.
Yeah.
That my whole intention was simply to go
out and attempt to make peaceful contact
with groups of people with the ETs. But
once the intelligence community saw that
we knew how to do that, they came after
me like a pack of Rottweilers.
So yeah, I want to tell that story like
how you got
nasty bit of business.
So So you were you were an ER doctor and
then you just did you just feel inspired
[clears throat] to start going out and
doing C5 protocols or how did this how
did this all begin?
Well, that's a very long story. [cough]
Excuse me.
Bless people know, I just had emergency
surgery last night for a ruptured
appendix.
Yeah, it's amazing that he's here. It's
a [laughter]
I mean I'm an open book folks, but I
mean it was like oh my god. And as a
doctor emergency doctor I go this is
bad. My assistant Raven when we go we go
straight from Houston and drive to the
Texas University Hospital.
I can't believe it.
And [clears throat] a friend of a friend
knew a doctor a surgeon there who could
like open me up and do it. But
wow.
You know it was you know I did I got
home from the hospital.
You seem great to me. Oh, well, people
say, "You're a [__] machine." Anyway,
but [laughter]
Well, you know what I told uh Jake? I
texted Jake before I got here. Yeah. And
I said Winston Churchill said, "Never
never never give up."
Yeah. I love that.
So, you just keep going. Yeah.
Always.
Yeah. But no, it's I'm been a little
woozy. I hopefully I'm being coherent
here.
No, you're being super coherent. Okay.
Yeah.
That's why I'm having some matcha.
Yeah. There you go. You're good. You're
on point. So, okay. So, so the origin
story. So, you're an ER doctor?
Well, I had a sighting first.
Okay. You had a sighting
in when I was eight or nine.
Wow. Yeah.
With a bunch of kids in the
neighborhood, my twin sister
in Charlotte, North Carolina, where I
grew up.
And uh cuz I did a chapel residency that
so I'm a North Carolina guy.
Mhm.
And um broad daylight, perfectly
seamless
disc about 1963 probably.
Wow.
See, three, four around the time Kennedy
was killed. Mhm.
And I went, "Wow, that's a UFO as a
little kid." Now, my parents thought we
were just like making stuff up, right?
Parents should believe their children
when they see stuff. Anyway, so um so I
ignited an interest that I had lifelong.
Then my uncle, I just mentioned, was
working on putting the first man on the
moon, which happened in ' 69 when I was
14. I just turned 14.
And so I was got very interested in all
of that.
And then uh when when I was 17, it was
my last year of high school, I got very
sick. I got injur I had an injury and
got infected.
And I grew up, people don't know this,
in a shack, very poor, no heat, no air
conditioning, had a kerosene heater in
the floor. Uh we were starving on the
streets, literally. I had all we had all
kinds of problems. So, I had ended up
getting all my own and had a apartment
in high school. Uh, I was tall and
hairy, so everyone thought I was 20 when
I was 16. Hilarious story.
And so, I washed pots and pans at a Red
Lobster
to get through high school and then
would bicycle to school, but I got worn
down
and I got very sick. I had a near-death
experience. So my parents were didn't
believe in God, didn't believe in
anything, didn't believe in a soul,
didn't believe in an afterlife, didn't
believe in consciousness.
And then this I went, why were they
wrong?
There's a whole new cosmos out here.
So I had this amazing near-death
experience which introduced me to the
whole science of consciousness,
right? So six months, so about a month
later or a couple months later on my
18th birthday, I learned meditation.
Mh. Back in the day, now I'm dating
myself, 1973 when the the whole
zeitgeist was transcendental meditation
and the Maharishi and all that.
Yeah.
So [snorts] I learned to meditate
and I had these amazing experiences in
consciousness
like cosmic consciousness, beautiful
experiences and that's where the
near-death experience was. Well, thank
you God that actually helped get me on a
path. But 6 months later, October of 73,
I'm up in the mountains of North
Carolina. If you're in the Blue Ridge
Mountains up near Boone,
and there's a some So, I climbed up this
mountain up to over 5,000 ft. And I'm up
there before sunset to meditate.
And um I look up and that same craft,
well, it looked the same. I can't say it
was the same one uh that I saw on when I
was a kid, when I was eight. Now I'm 18.
Just turned 18. Appears in the afternoon
sky, crystal clear October day.
What did the craft look like?
It was a a disc, a seamless disc.
Um not a thin disc, but like you know,
kind of that shape.
Mhm.
And seamless. The sun sun shining off of
it
fully materialized. And then it didn't
move off. It just disappeared.
Wow.
Cuz the interstellar ones could do it.
They can be here and just boom.
Mhm. So I went, "Oh, they're back." I
didn't think anything about it, right? I
said, "Oh, that's cool. Another
sighting." So I sit to meditate. I go in
this deep meditation.
And at the end of it, I come out of it
and it was very long, longer than I
thought it had gotten dark. So this is
near sunset when I saw the craft. And
it's October 73.
And it was kind of beautiful because I
looked up and you could see the whole
Milky Way galaxy. It was crystal clear.
And you're up over 5,000 ft up in the
Blue Ridge. And uh at that moment, a
beautiful thought came and said, uh,
beware what a beautiful universe God has
made. M
and with that I'd noticed over the rise
of the top of the crest of the mountain
where I was there was a fire tower I was
sitting at the base of the locals called
it a fire tower.
North Carolina it's a fire tower not a
fire tower. And uh I looked there was a
glow
and then there was this creature that
came over and he she I don't know was
maybe about 5t tall
beautiful deer-like eyes
came over and touched me on my right
shoulder.
Mhm.
And my at that time I had a long hair
and a lot of hair
and my hair went boing and it just stuck
out. Uh, and then I boom sort of
vanished on this craft for about I
thought it was 40 minutes or so or half
hour to an hour somewhere and it was
like four hours.
Wow.
Because time space is different and
that's where we sort of co-created and
invented the C5 contact protocols we
use.
So you kind of downloaded it from that
experience.
Yeah. Or I was it was it was
collaborative. It was like me
experiencing that state of consciousness
as a human
in 1973 and them understanding humans
from where they are which is thousands
of years in the future.
Wow.
Right. So it was this very people say
metaphysical. It wasn't. It was very
physical but very and very real but very
almost like a lucid dream because when
you go into that state it's it's almost
like a lucid interface between 3D and
four and five and 6D you know I mean
it's very abstract in a lot of ways but
are there ancient versions of this
protocol or okay
native peoples I think this is also a
revelation
to just the last few hundred years since
the scientific revolution where we threw
through the science of consciousness and
spirituality out with the bathwater.
Right.
Right. Because it fell into the middle
ages as a superstition and then burning
witches at the stake and
and all that that the scientific
revolution said and we don't want any
part of that.
Yeah. But I think we're going to come
into a time where the science of
consciousness and this understanding is
going to merge
and I and I know Jake Barber and others
understand this
with other what we call science because
it is a science.
Um and that's what I discovered by
studying the vas and the ancient
Sanskrit from India. It's not Hinduism
by the way predates Hinduism and
Buddhism
and so that so after this experience
don't they have flying saucers in the
text as well.
Oh absolutely the Bhagavagita and the
ancient themanas.
Yeah
and these are thousands of years old.
They predate Christ Krishna they predate
all those
and there's like spinning mercury at the
center or something. There's
well that's maybe okay you know but
definitely there were objects like that
recorded thousands of years ago. So I
said, "Well, there's really nothing that
new under the sun, right?" You know, but
so at what point do all these
intelligence and military people enter
your life? You have Colonel John
Alexander who has a long history in
ufology. Uh often debunking things,
trying or attempting to debunk.
That's his job. Look, people do what
they're told to do.
Okay. [clears throat] Okay.
Look, I mean, if you're if you're
someone on the payroll
and you're told you do this or we kill
you or or if you do it, we'll make you
very wealthy and comfortable for the
rest of your life. Yeah.
Most people aren't going to do what I'm
going to do.
Is that why?
I said sit on it and rotate to stumble
by. I'm sorry. It would be vulgar.
The two billion.
Yeah.
Do you have that in writing, the offer?
Oh, God. Of course not. Don't be naive.
[laughter]
No, but it was I witnessed to it. I
mean, he then went to my wife, tried to
convince her. But what I'm saying is
that
most people have a price.
Yeah.
In either blackmail, threats or money or
position or power. Uh-huh.
Like I've known a couple billionaires.
All they wanted to do is get access to
the secret technologies.
Uhhuh.
And understand and see stuff.
Bigalow was one of those. But I knew him
at the Rockefeller ranch in 93.
Right. When Rockefeller hosted all these
folks and
Lawrence Rockefeller, right? Yeah. He
hosted and he he did he fund some of
your work as well?
Early on he did and it got intercepted
by some people on his team who were
knocks nonofficial covers for the CIA.
It's so interesting though, Rockefeller.
You have Melon, Rockefeller, like all
these old families seems very interested
in this sort of tech.
Not just interested, but involved.
Involved. Okay.
Now, now Lawrence was the philosopher
king.
Mhm.
Of the family.
David,
he seemed like a good guy. Lawrence.
Totally. Yeah.
But he was surrounded by devils. These
people get they don't know it. They get
surrounded by these operatives.
And it's like, you know, the expression
smile, smile, and be a villain.
I've never heard that, but Oh, yeah.
Interesting.
Well, [laughter] in literature.
Uhhuh. Boy, we need to reinstitute
education in this.
Sorry.
Catch me up.
I know. [laughter] I'm I'm terrible. You
imagine growing up. My four daughters
are Oh my god. If I used a word they
didn't know, I addistic. I think Go look
it up.
I think we need more uh more shaming
around uh cultural illiteracy like
[snorts] I just displayed. So, I I
appreciate that. [laughter] I'm now
extra motivated.
No, no. I'm just I'm just ripping you.
Um don't take me too seriously about
that. But um you're a smart guy. Uh but
you know it was it was quite clear that
Lawrence had greatest intentions
but he also he said this to me
his brother David Rockefeller
and Jay Rockefeller who had been
chairman of Senate Intelligence the
Senator
Senator Rockefeller from West Virginia.
They were jumping up on his I'll tell
you what he told me. As you know, I'm
always on the hunt for things that help
me stay sharp, focused, and full of
energy while I'm diving into life's
mysteries and making this show happen.
And I've got to say, Mudwater has
completely transformed my mornings. Back
in the day, I used to struggle with that
post coffee crash. And let's not even
get into the caffeine jitters. Mudwater
gave me the smooth, steady energy I was
missing. It's packed with functional
mushrooms like lion's mane, chaga, and
rayi, plus turmeric and cacao, all
working together to keep me focused,
calm, and grounded. Honestly, it's like
coffee went on a yoga retreat and came
back zen. What I love most is that it's
not just about replacing coffee. It's a
whole new ritual. It's a simple,
nourishing way to start the day. And I
actually look forward to it every
morning. Every ingredient is USDA
certified organic, vegan, non-GMO, and
there's zero sugar. It's energy that
doesn't mess with your sleep or make you
question your life choices at 3:00 a.m.
Ready to make the switch to cleaner
energy? Head to mudwater.com,
that's mudwt.com,
and grab your starter kit today. Right
now, our listeners get an exclusive deal
up to 43% off your entire order, plus
free shipping and a free rechargeable
frother when you use code Jesse. That's
right, up to 43% off with code jesse at
mudwtr.com.
After your purchase, they'll ask you how
you found them. Please show your support
and let them know we sent you. Keep your
energy natural and refreshing all year
long with mud water because life's too
short for anything less than clean,
delicious energy.
Late one night we go out on the deck of
of the ranch, the JY ranch.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
The the Rockefeller ranch and the Tetons
cuz the Rockefellers owned the Tetons,
the whole ranch, and gave it to the US
government.
And then they kept out this beautiful
ranch. And that's where the Clintons
would go that in the summer for vacation
to learn about this. But um the uh ranch
had this beautiful cabin on at lodge and
we were laid one night out on the deck
and he and and he said uh I asked him I
said look now this is 90 9 September of
and remember I'm very new to this um but
I'm got pulled in very quickly after the
intelligence community realized that we
could make contact. Mhm.
Um, but there were people who were
friendly to this.
So, you have the white hats and the
black hats, let's say.
That
there were people who wanted this to get
fixed and people who never wanted this
to come out, right?
So, the ones who don't are implacable
enemies. The ones that do try to help,
whether they're doing it overtly or
covertly.
And Lawrence was trying to help. He was
trying to help but his his
nephew the senator Jay Rockefeller and
his brother
Chase Manhattan chairman of Chase
Manhattan.
David Rockefeller.
Yeah. Which became Yeah. David.
Yeah.
They didn't want he he said they are
already jumping up and down on my nuts.
That's what he said.
For even having this meeting with you.
Yeah.
So I said, "No." So cuz I'd asked him, I
said, "We need help." Yeah.
And you can help us. So you feel like he
got kind of stymied by his family
family and later by people on his team
that betrayed him
because he was funding John Mack as
well, right?
Yes. That was part of the betrayal.
And he I think
because he he was he was moved his funds
over into
people who meant well like John Mack. I
knew John Mack pretty well.
But
did he like John Mack? Did he find him
to be an honest actor?
He was doing the best he could with what
he knew.
Yeah.
So but
he's kind of a hero of mine. I think
he's great. Well, no, but if you're
working with only two cards out of a 52
52 card deck.
Yeah.
So, he had two cards out of the 52 cards
for the audience. John Mack, head of the
Harvard psychiatry department,
did all the work with the abductions and
stuff.
Exactly. Childhood friend of Bud Hopkins
who got into all these reg started
regressing people and
but what they didn't know every one of
those cases that were being funneled to
him
Yeah.
were all done by humans. None of them
were exercised. I want to get into this
with you because you've said so one of
the most famous cases, abduction cases
in, you know, US history that I think
the Obama's production team is now
making a a show on for Netflix or a
movie on
is the Betty and Barney Hill case of
1961. And you say that that was
perpetrated by humans and not aliens.
Well, I I it very likely was, but only
because the mechanism how it happened
would not be consistent with
interstellar transdimensional
technologies. Mhm.
We also know that by that date, I think
when that 61 or something like that,
we already had fully operational
man-made electrogravetic
craft
with people who were made to look like
aliens and stage it's called stage craft
doing this. Now, John Mack didn't know
that. Bud Hopkins didn't know that.
You think we do that one?
We absolutely could have.
Really?
So, what I'm saying is here's what I'm
trying to say. I want to be very clear
on this. I'm not saying no one's had
contact with ETSs. I did.
I wouldn't be here if I hadn't had that
contact.
Jake had that consciousness contact with
the egg he picked up.
Mhm.
Um profound and I did too.
Uh in 73,
but and it was beautiful. And these
civilizations are completely
not only are they benign, they're they
be closer to an angel than a demon.
But
that's what some of your critics say is
you summon stuff and it can be not
always good, you know.
Oh well, I mean those are the religious
nuts that are like, you know, end of the
world esquetology fanatics,
but there have to be some bad like just
like us, right? Aren't there some?
I'm sure there are, but they're not
allowed out of their solar system.
It's like, oh, I know that.
So, you think that's like
I know what the I know what the
protocols are for, let's say, real space
command, not the US space command. Do
you believe in anything demonic in that
world? In the world of the ET thing?
Well, see, now you just mixed up two of
the three categories that I elucidated.
There are extraterrestrial vehicles or
NHI craft.
There are man-made lookalikes in
faximiles,
and there are things from other
dimensions that are really nasty.
Okay.
That are not extraterrestrial. And
you're saying,
but they're being deliberately conflated
by people like Jim Simean
and Alzando and others to gaslight
people in Congress.
But wouldn't Jo have said that too?
Wouldn't he say
because in the 80s he got taken in by
that organization.
You think Jo is is co-opted by
He absolutely did get really 100%. We
know know who did it, how they did it,
what he got.
Can you say anything more?
No, I won't. I'm just saying,
wow,
we are not going to tolerate
people who spread knowingly or
unknowingly
disinformation that could lead to an
interplanetary war and the termination
of life on Earth.
That's what that agenda is. Don't be
naive.
How do How do you get the minds and
hearts of people
Yeah. to unite against some totalitarian
global threat unless they've been
brainwashed for decades with abductions
and mutilations and false images and
Hollywood movies. That's what that is.
It's it's a CIA psychological warfare
operation.
I don't get that vibe from Jacqu Valle
though. I think he's a little deeper as
far as
he's much deeper now.
Yeah.
No, he's he's completely come out of
that.
Okay.
But back in the day
Uhhuh. Like I astronaut Ed Edgar
Mitchell invited me to uh brief the
board of knowetic sciences back years
ago.
Yeah.
And Jock Fole and I were there for this
weekend this retreat.
Um eventually Claybornne Pel Senator Pel
came.
That's really Claybornne Pel is you know
Senator who was Biden's closest mentor
and he was part and Claybourne Pel I
found out later after he died was part
of this cabal. Well, he was interested
in all this stuff, but he was also
carrying water for that organization.
Interesting.
Yeah. So now look, I mean I this has
been a 35 years.
When you say that organization is that
magic or
transational thing we gave you the
graphic for you guys can show to the
public.
Well, it is interesting what was
rumored. So the MJ12 documents came out
from 84. It was a string of documents '
84 into the '90s. Yeah, I'm aware.
And um in the Majestic 12 was a guy
named Detlev Bronc Bronc was I believe
president of the Rockefeller Foundation
for a little bit.
Yes. So
look, all the big industrialists.
Mhm.
So first of all, let's ratchet this back
a little bit.
Yeah. Sure.
What the definition of fascism is
nowadays. If someone disagrees with you,
you're a fascist.
Everyone's a Nazi. Everyone's a fascist.
Right. Right.
Let's put that aside. The actual
definition of fascism
is very powerful industrial corporate
interest taking over and overly
influencing the government of we the
people and and corrupting it or moving
it in the direction so that the
government is serving the interests of
those large oligarch corporate
interests. So in the industrial
revolution and era it would have been
that crowd JP you know Morgan Rock now
it's the big tech companies and others
we know how it works you know I have a
guy who is with NSA
who was in meetings with some of the
senior seuite people at a major tech and
telecommunications company sort of
colluding
well we know from at Snowden
completely illegal stuff right
we know we know from Snowden they had
back doors they Bull run and prism and I
don't think this was done unbeknownst to
Google and Apple and so we
oh it was with her cooperation. Yeah.
All right. But it it reaches a point
where it also becomes collusion
between the element within what is being
called the deep state which is a
misnomer in a way
but let's just call it that
and these corporate interests
because they they have an interest in
not letting the public know the truth
because the truth leads in inexorably
to the release of the tech that's going
to terminate oil, gas, coal, nuclear,
wind, solar, hydroelectric,
all of it.
What do you think of Bob Lazar? So Bob
Lazar, obviously famous, you know, UFO
whistleblower claimed to be at S4, a
special compartment of Area 51, 1987.
Uh, some files get put on George Knap's
desk from this uh CIA cargo pilot named
John Lear, saying, "Here's this guy,
Bob,
and you know, he's been reverse
engineering craft, and the craft looks
like Billy Meyer's sports model. It's
this, you know, UFO." Do you think Bob
Lazar is is legit and actually worked uh
at Area 51 on reverse?
You know, I have had no one corroborate
that.
So, if you look follow what I do,
if I have information on
the UFO's interest in our nuclear
programs,
I'll have half a dozen, a dozen guys
who don't know each other, who have not
colluded or or synced up their stories
to confirm that. I've not had anyone
confirm his presence there at that time
and what he actually saw.
Yeah.
Now, I think he probably saw something.
He was there a short time.
Mhm.
So, what he might have been provided was
part information and part disinformation
and a controlled leak happened,
I think,
to gaslight. Okay. So, let me explain
how very sophisticated counter
intelligence works. Again, you have
information that's the sweet candy on
the outside,
but then quite unwittingly, I think he
could have been given some false
information because things were
beginning to come out and they wanted to
to gaslight people off the path.
He admits that he says maybe I because
he was forced to drink a liquid and then
he was given information that looked
like the same information Rick Dodie
gave Linda Molton How and Paul Benowitz
in 79.
Happens all the time.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Yeah. So you think like that's what's so
tough about this topic is there's always
disinfo riddled in the info and then you
go
but that's been that's been my job
is to pull that together. I call it the
disclosure matrix
or the disclosure mosaic. Actually the
mosaic is like you want to create a
accurate picture
and you have to get a thousand piece
billion pieces.
It's just so
and put it together. It's so hard to
talk about because even like I you know
bringing up the Majestic 12 that's like
seen as a joke but then you could say oh
maybe James Jesus Angleton who was
running counter intel for the program
for decades actually kind of pushed this
and there was there were elements of you
know falsifiable things sprinkled in to
some
that's what I think you know that yeah I
know but like but then you say it but it
has this like jokey connotation MJ12
like come on MJ12 you know it's a it's a
great tactic
but there look that whole operation.
Everyone says military intelligence is
an
oxymoron.
It isn't. I mean there there are some
incredibly brilliant people. Yeah.
Particularly in these scops dealing with
this.
What's your process?
And they're very very slick and they're
very good.
How do you know? So like somebody you
know like Randy Anderson who I've
interviewed who you know said he was
taken down to an underground facility
you know at Crane Indiana and he he
again came to you first and so I want to
you should have you should be given a
lot of credit for all these
whistleblowers who were coming out.
Um
or Jake Barber who said he was
redteaming you initially. He came to
kind of infiltrate your camp. How do you
verify that somebody is, you know,
actually has your best interest at heart
and is being truthful to you? Cuz for me
it on just being very real often it's
like vi I think I've gotten certain
things wrong and I think I I just try
to, you know, uh uh sus out people's
energy, but then also obviously look for
as much cross corroboration that isn't
correlated with the source. But like I
have to have, you know, a certain
percentage of humility where it's like
I've probably gotten things wrong
before. And so absolutely. You feel the
same way or do you
Look, the 1997 briefings we did for
Congress off off site
at the Western Hotel, we had somebody
made it very far into that process. Mhm.
who uh and thank God my military adviser
and uh and and uh I think it was Edgar
Mitchell
and one of my other whistleblowers were
at the bar with this guy late one night.
The night before we had the meeting for
Congress
and the day before we had had a
gathering so all these whistleblowers
could get to know each other, create an
a spree decor, you know, kind of make
them feel safe because they're all doing
it together
because it's scary.
Mh. And um this this guy that we thought
was legit started paddling on with some
absolutely provable false information.
And some of his information was true,
but he was going to fold in and
embellish it into things that were
false.
And I got a knock on the door
at 3:00 a.m. and said, "This guy is
putting in stuff that we absolutely know
is false." I said, "Ask him to go home."
So I pulled him out of the meeting. So
guy, the guy hates my guts, right?
because he this was going to be his
thing to stand up from. I mean Dan
Burton who was chairman of oversight
committee uh for the house who was
issued a thousand subpoenas for Bill
Clinton right
during the Monica Lewinsky and all that
nonsense. So I said no he's out. So
look, yes, of course. I mean, I'm one
man, but and I have mostly a volunteer
team,
the high place, the wellplaced people,
but yeah, I mean, I have I've been gas
lit and and deceived and betrayed and
ultimately it's like what is saying, ye
shall know them by their deeds.
But what do they do? Eventually,
someone's going to show their ass,
right?
And then they're out, you know? And for
me, I know it sounds rough. you get one
bite at that apple,
right?
Because what we're dealing with at the
level of the of say a president or
congress or the public information
is that this is too important a matter
to be allow someone who's in there sort
of telling halftruths and this is why I
will immediately separate with someone
who co-mingles known false information
with information.
Now, if they do it unwittingly, it's
okay as long as they correct it. M
if they're doing it deliberately like
Luis Alzando, it's a bridge too far.
Now I'll forgive anything if someone
comes clean.
Right.
What's the daylight between you
[clears throat] and Lou Alzando as far
as the substance you were because I mean
I think you're putting out
keep interrupting me but I will tell you
if you'll let me finish.
Yeah, sure.
Number one, he tells people and has told
people consistently we don't know what
these are. Now he's changed that a
little because he has to. Then he said
they're a threat to the national
security. The implication being the NHI,
non-human, are a threat, which if that's
the case, then we're going to go to
World War II in a Star Wars fiasco, and
it's a complete false narrative.
He's kind of walked that back, though.
Well, he has to because we're going to
this we're done with that.
And then he would also say, "We don't
have anything that flies like that."
So like when David Fraver and I first
spoke, who is the F-18 Hornet pilot,
And it [clears throat] was a
serendipitous meeting because there's a
band called Godsmack.
That's a heavy metal band. Yeah. And the
lead guy, Sully Arn, is a friend of
mine. And it turned out he lived across
the road from David Fraver.
Oh.
Because his daughter had backed into his
mailbox and broke it. And they he
[laughter] went, "Oh, it's David
Fraver." Really funny. The universe
works in strange ways.
That is a crazy synchronicity. So Sully
Arna calls me up says
this God back lead singer guy and I go,
"Well, really? He's your neighbor?"
"Well, get him on the horn. Let's talk."
Yes.
It was some years ago. And David goes,
"Oh, yeah. That was, you know, it had to
be alien." I said, "Sir, with all due
respect, that was how the Lockheed skunk
works."
Really? That made the craft.
Yeah. That was one of ours.
And he is now.
So F because Fraver wouldn't say that
now. Oh, he did say so recently,
but in front of Congress, he says, I
said,
"Well, they he's been told since then."
He's corrected. So, I said, "No, that
came out of the Lockheed Skunk Works.
It's one of ours. It was something that
they did on purpose to see our this
global organization to see how our
military would react."
So, you think that tic tac was was
skunkorks?
Wow. In the book we're going to give
you, there's a a very good account of it
from 1967
over Pennsylvania, and we have a
whistleblower who saw it being offloaded
out of a a big ship uh out of the uh in
1991, I believe.
So, yeah, that's ours.
That was off that was
And then later, very recently, a
Lockheed executive admitted to David
Fraver that was theirs. Really?
But I knew that I knew from the first
time I saw it, I said it was all over
CNN. I go That's not extraterrestrial.
That's one of ours.
But but David Fraver feels pretty non
nonsense to me. Do you think he's
knowing?
No. No. He is a totally straightup guy.
Yeah.
But let me unpack this a little bit if
if you'll let me and just stay with me
for a minute.
If you're a if you're a pilot flying
jets, which are circa 30s, 40s, 50s, or
a guy doing stuff with rockets like Mr.
Musk,
which is circle 1940s,
right? The V2 Verer von Brown. So a
rocket they're fancier now on better
computers. It's the technology is very
old. It's a Roman candle, a Chinese
candle going up and blowing up
periodically. So this is primitive junk.
[laughter] I mean it's all junk. So it
is compared to what we have out in these
covert programs. So
you have no foundation to have been read
in. If you're a F-18 pilot, why would
you be read into something the president
of the United States isn't read into?
But why wouldn't
And so the same is true if you're
working for an aerospace company, but
you're working on the conventional end
of it.
So they're they're not they're saying
the truth as they know it. And the
danger here's the danger. I want to get
to this big key point.
If you don't know, there are three major
things going on. ET, man-made, and this
weird stranger thing sort of
extradimensional spooky stuff
and that they're deliberately being
co-mingled
to offiscate, hide the truth, you're
going to get it wrong. So that is the
core of how the psychological warfare
operations work because most people and
this is from whether you're the
president or the king of England you're
not going to know enough unless you've
done a huge deep dive into this which
has been my task to try to unravel this
mess because when I started out I
thought everything that went bump in the
night was alien. I did.
Mhm.
90, you know, early on. And it wasn't
until I started having people come
forward who said, "Oh, we piloted
these." And then I had guys come forward
who had actually been on the abduction
squads
made to look like aliens.
Whoa.
And they said, "Oh, no."
You met people who like
committed those crimes. Yeah. And they
feel terrible later in life. So if they
were very young, they were young guys
doing it.
Now [snorts] they're like 70, 80 years
old, they feel terrible about what they
did. They regret it. But they said you
if we talk about this publicly they will
absolutely kill us because that's the
heart of the secrecy. It's the mind
control stuff the sort of psychological
world let they want everyone to believe
there's a threat from out there because
the card they want to play that Veron
Brown warned about on his deathbed to my
friend Carol Rosen was they want to
create an alien threat to unite the
world in this sort of dystopian
not a golden age but a dark age of
militaristic totalitarianism.
So if Lou and his guys move in that
direction, I got to call it out. And
people say, "Well, you're you're not
very friendly." I said, "No." I said,
"We got to protect the human future." I
mean, where are we going to end up?
Yeah.
And where's the end of this algorithm
going? You run this algorithm like
they're doing it. Oh, we don't have any
craft like that because they don't want
the National Military Command structure
to know that something they encounter
like Mr. Fraver did was ours. And
therefore they'll say, "Oh, it's alien.
Oh, therefore we're going to engage in
this war. This is how you start wars.
This is how you get in disasters like
after 9/11 when we went into Iraq and
and Saddam Hussein had nothing to do
with that and he didn't have the weapons
of mass destruction. This is how you
connect the next big war. This is what
happened with COVID. They took a
dangerous virus. It got loose and then
they shut the world down. even though
the World Health Organization admits now
that was a big public health mistake. So
the problem becomes
this being mishandled by this president
and Congress because this is all going
to come out in the next year or two
will be a thousand times worse than the
mishandling of COVID or 911. So we we're
I'm out of we're out of time to get
[clears throat] the information out in a
truthful way, but a truth that can lead
to a future that is a golden era of
peace, prosperity, a pristine planet
that gets fixed, the end of poverty and
peace here and in space. You cannot have
peace on Earth and engage in war in
space.
I would hope agreed. Well, I would I
would
But that's stop. Yeah,
but this the people that you're talking
about,
yeah,
it's the inescapable
conclusion of what they're saying opens
the pathway to that.
This see protecting the human future and
consciousness of of what kind of world
we're going to have. That's actually my
central mission. It's not the disclosure
project.
I would hope that if David Fraver got
told by a locked exec, hey, this is one
of ours, he would come clean about.
Well, my assistant can look it up. I
think it did come out somewhere. Okay.
Interesting.
But that Yeah, that makes me uh uh
disappointed in favor if that happens
because I would love for him to
No, no, he's he's a great
his view.
No, wait. See, that's wrong.
Okay,
don't be impetuous. [laughter]
I'm
trying not to be.
Don't be impetuous. You have people who
speak the truth as they know it. Right.
But they're only given
So, he didn't trust the Lockheed
executive. He He's hearing other sources
telling him other things. No, I'm saying
before that his comments
what he said.
But I I would hope that you' then he'd
then correct the record. He'd then say
I think he probably has by now.
Oh, interesting. But I think he has. I
mean, he's a stand-up guy.
Mhm.
Um seems like it to me.
Yeah. And and u the problem is many of
these people who are great guys
get intercepted by people who are slick
counter intelligence operatives.
Anybody else you think is a bad actor?
Look, it doesn't matter. Here, here's
what here it for for your audience. Keep
it simple.
If they're denying that we have these
objects, they're either uninformed
or they're disinforming you
deliberately. Mhm.
If they say there's a threat from these
objects from out that are not ours.
Mhm.
Now, the ones that are man-made, huge
threat to national security
because they're not under the control
of the US military, legal military or
white house or Congress. Very dangerous.
If they say that the aliens are here for
some malevolent purpose,
there may be things from other
dimensions that are quite malevolent and
those deliberately get mixed in with the
aliens.
But no, they're not because if they
were,
you know, it's like what Congressman
Bett said, we'd be a a charcoal
briquette floating through space because
visualize for a moment.
Take what Jake said about because he's
been on your show. I'll reference him.
Mhm.
So, he's been a site where we've
targeted
these ET craft and down them.
Now, I know I've been at multiple sites
where this is going on and and I know
where they are around the world. They're
in the briefing document I gave you.
There's a map.
Now, they have electromagnetic pulse
weapons. So, an electromagnetic pulse is
like when you explode an atomic bomb,
right? And there's a pulse that goes out
that can knock out your whole electric
grid.
It's a nuke without the nuke.
But we have taken the nuke without the
nuke. But embedded within that is
something called a scalar
signal.
Scalar Tesla described it. It's
basically instead of electromagnetic is
a waveform like this, right? And
coherent light is a is a laser
where you sync up the wavelength instead
of it being you know waves like this
like on oscilloscope.
A scalar is a point that goes out
longitudinally
faster than the speed of light.
So there is a scalar part within the EMP
signal
that is very disrupted to interstellar
communications and travel. This is why
after we detonated the first atomic
bomb,
the ETSs came in on force in mass
because it they it not only signal that
we were in trouble that we could go to a
point where we could destroy all life on
Earth,
but they also it disrupted their
systems.
Do you think Reagan's Star Wars, the
strategic defense initiative, had
anything to do with UFO crash
retrievals?
Oh, sure. It was just a front. It was a
blackbudget front. So the the the whole
Star Wars thing in Brilliant Pebbles was
just an expensive boondoggle. Most of
the money for that went into these black
projects.
Wow.
The illegal black projects.
We'll get into that in a minute. So, but
what I'm saying here is that these
[clears throat]
technologies have been operational since
the late 40s.
So, don't see everyone's fighting the
last war. M
we figured out I mean Tesla T towns and
Brown 20s 30s 40s I mean Tesla was
killed in 43.
Mhm.
Right. But so the there were massive
breakthroughs in electromagnetism and
things that are to this day still
covert. Those began to be weaponized and
they realize hey there are these craft
that are from here. Let's get see if we
can knock some down.
Yeah.
And reverse engineer them. The the
problem is
doing so is an act of war because we're
targeting them. Now, civilizations that
are 10 to the 6th to 10 to the eth years
more advanced than we are, 100,000 to 10
million years more advanced.
If they were hostile,
we would have been done.
August 1945 over folks, hey kids, you're
done, right? They're not. I know this
from having had contact and everyone I
know who's been on a crash retrieval
team like Jake who's had a close
encounter with the consciousness of
those beings. They are not
well the bad the bad ones might not want
to destroy us. They might want to
enslave us or
Oh, you're so brainwashed.
I'm just saying. I'm just hypothesizing.
I don't know.
You read you you look at too much
nonsense, man. I mean, look, if they
none of that, that could be done with a
flick of a switch if they wanted to turn
this planet into a automaton planet of
whatever. I mean,
what do you think?
You know, I mean, the technologies are
so advanced.
You know, this this book is amazing, by
the way, and I I do recommend everybody
read it and buy it because it's it's a
treasure trove of excellent
documentation uh across decades. One guy
in this book is a really interesting
fellow named Bob Beckwith. And Bob
Beckwith wrote about levitation, uh,
teleportation and time travel. And he
also claimed to be involved with the
Philadelphia experiment in 1942.
I knew him.
So you knew Bob Beckwith?
Oh yeah.
Wow.
And and my military adviser was on his
board of directors for his company. So
who because you hear so the Philadelphia
experiment for the audience is you know
that you have this this uh ship uh this
naval ship stationed I believe at
Philadelphia [clears throat]
happened in Rhode Island that was the
cover story
well let's hear it cuz I so and then
here's what's really interesting that
this you might not know about because
this is as of this last month um there's
a guy named Harold Malmgrren and he is a
presidential adviser for JFK LBJ Nixon
and and Ford and he has come out he's
been tweeting a bunch about uh things
that he learned in that capacity and and
getting briefed by Richard Bissell who
is the deputy director of the CIA who
basically founded Area 51 on quote
unquote other world technologies.
Yes.
He said that a contact of his a highle
intel contact of [snorts] his from
abroad
talked to him about classified work that
Tesla and Towns and Brown did on
submarines together. You have uncovered
collaboration between Nola Tesla and
Thomas Townsen Brown.
Yeah, but I said to you informally,
I did not get that from any
US source.
What source did you get it from?
Foreign intelligence.
Do you think it is a good source? Do you
think it's real?
No reason. Why would somebody tell me
that? And so I wonder because I I always
thought the Philadelphia experiment was
kind of quacky even though I've gone
very deep on Towns of Brown. I think
there's a lot to Towns of Brown stuff.
Oh yeah.
Brilliant.
Yeah. Brilliant. Yeah. An amazing
figure. And also for the people that
say, "Oh, it's all electrogravidics and
it's not, you know, there's no ET
component or there's no UFO component."
He had a UFO interaction that inspired
the rest of his work at the age of 17.
So did Tesla and his mentor uh Dr.
Walder Russell.
There you go.
The Swanoa Institute. My house in
Virginia is 10 minutes from Swanoa.
Oh, amazing. That's so cool.
Weird coinc
now you have Terrence Howard uh carrying
the mantle of uh Walter Russell. Yeah.
Um but so do you think anything happened
in the Philadelphia experiment? And what
was your interaction with Bob Beckwith
like? Can we do we have time travel?
You know, I mean he knew the stuff I
already knew. What I didn't know is what
I wanted him to share with me.
Uhhuh.
So he had invented something called a
nutrino light detector.
And now let me explain what that is. You
know, um, a nutrino, you can Google what
nutrino is,
but these subatomic particles and
whatnot, [clears throat] but what he had
invented was a detector that would pick
up nutrino light, a burst of nutrino. He
got a national security order from the
NRO, National Reconnaissance Office,
that runs all the super secret spy
satellites, so they could seize that
technology to put it on the SATs.
Because what that's used for is when a
nonhuman craft moves out of, let's call
it transdimensional spaceime into 3D,
there's a burst of this nutrino light
that enables them to pick that up,
triangulate it, and strike the crap to
down it.
Wow.
So, it's a part of a weapon detection
system. And so, this genius Beckwith,
but he never got to utilize it because
it got seized. Now we have a witness who
came forward Eric Hecker a couple years
ago who worked for Rathon and they were
put in a nutrino light system a mile
under the ice at the South Pole. True.
And so one of the prime bad actors in
all this is Rathon. And um you know
along with Northrup Grum and Loheed
Skunkworks and others
and he said that caused the Christ
Church earthquake in New Zealand. Hecker
did
when they flipped it on the first time
because who knows if they got the
frequencies right. So it's both an
active and passive system. It can pick
up these objects when they let's say
step down out of transdimensional
spaceime into 3D,
but they can also be an active weapon
system, a carrier for hitting them at
very very powerful pulses.
So this is the other problem. If you're
in the national military command
structure and you're not read in to the
technologies that this clandestine
criminal organization has,
you're behind the curve very badly. And
my coming of age on that was first with
the director of the CIA for Clinton.
Then in 1997,
well, and many other people, but in 97,
I briefed the J2, the head of
intelligence, joint staff, Admiral
Wilson.
And you may know about that. A memo
leaked out from Eric Davis and
I know a lot about it.
Well, I was briefer.
Yeah.
So, I was in charge of the stand-up
briefing.
Yeah.
It was supposed to be 45 minutes, went
on for two or three hours and the
admiral kept cancelling meetings. But
prior to the meeting, my military
adviser who knew him, he had been a
senior naval intelligence guy, [snorts]
good guy, wonderful guy, got uh a
briefing document to the admiral and
materials prior to our meeting. And
based on that, Admiral Wilson was able
to run to ground and find some offices
where these operations were going on. He
knew nothing about it. And he was the
head of intelligence for the Joint
Chiefs of Staff. meaning you're putting
the the equivalent of the presidential
daily briefing intelligence brief
together like the director CIA does for
the president or DNI does uh but for the
joint chiefs of staff he had no
knowledge of the subject
and when he began to hit pay per he got
threatened
he was threatened with being demoted and
taking a star off his lapel which means
a huge pay cut in retirement
and by the time I got to the meeting he
was a combination of furious ious and
[snorts] scared.
All right. So, which I've seen this a
thousand times. I call it P disclosure
PTSD,
which we all have,
right? It's serious stuff. And I mean,
if you have that level of
responsibility, you find out this is
going on a whole universe of this
and you're in charge of the security of
the United States.
Yeah.
And most of the free world.
Speaking of
scary, right? So, extremely. So the
meeting went on for a long time. But you
know, one of the existential things at
the end of it was I said, "Well, we
really need your help." Now, this is 28
years ago in April. It's 97. We really
need your help fixing this problem. He
says, "Well, I don't have access. I've
been denied access." And they flat out
said, "You don't have a need to know."
to which he said I I think paraphrasing
if I don't who does I'm the head of
intelligence joint staff
head of J2
it blew him off
so
the problem became I I said look he said
who else have you briefed who not being
allowed to know or control this or the I
didn't meet with Clinton personally but
the president the CIA director and the
secretary of defense Cohen and a bunch
of other people and oh my god
I said, "Yes." Now you know how big the
problem is. It's an existential
constitutional crisis.
Much bigger crisis for the United States
and China, Russia, Iran, Middle East. No
one's doing anything about it. It's
dangerous that no one's doing anything
about it. If anyone's listening with the
administration, this should be on your
front burner, not on the back burner.
Speaking of the administration, bizarre
[snorts] connection between Donald
Trump, the sitting president, and the
Philadelphia experiment is
his uncle.
Exactly. There's not a lot of archival
footage of John Trump, who was the
basically uh country's lead in radar at
the time at MIT.
Brilliant guy. MIT
and was tasked with going into the FBI
vault that had confiscated all of
Tesla's files and looking at whether any
of that would be of service to national
security.
Yep. And so do you think Donald Trump
due to that might have some special
knowledge on this matter?
I don't I don't think his uncle would
have ever shared that with his his
It's like my my uncle who was with North
of
Grumman.
Yeah.
You know, the things he told me about
were the things I working on the thing
that landed on the moon.
Mhm.
In ' 69
when in the late 50s we had things that
could go to the moon and back without a
rocket. Right. But I I if he knew about
it, I don't think he would have even
told me about that
because everyone knows that lethal force
is use.
North of Grumman have wet works people
who kill people.
So does Lockheed. So does Rathon. So I
mean these are thugs.
And you know Grush's guys, the guys who
kind of sent him out to look into this.
Three years ago when I got pulled into
the skiff at the Senate Intelligence
Committee, first thing I said is that
you're dealing with thugs here.
Think of the mafia on super steroids.
It's the largest criminal corrupt
organization in the history known
history of the earth. Period. And they
have the technology and the means to
make your life a living hell, which mine
has been since 1992. But I I said, "Just
be prepared because I'm I believe in
informed consent as a doctor, right?" So
I said, "You have no idea what you're
walking into here."
And boy, within a day or two of that
meeting, the main investigator for
Senate Intelligence had two Blackhawks
over his house, unmarked, and he had
access to all flight plans. no flight
plans over his house, shaking the house
with his four children in it with this
guy looking out with the death stare
like you're a dead man staring at him.
So, it's a very dangerous business. Not
if you're talking nonsense. If you're
spreading false information, half
information,
disinformation,
no one's going to care. But if you're
actually getting to the truth like that
man was for Senate Intelligence because
he was assigned to the co-chair and
chair of Senate Intelligence to get to
the bottom of this Rubio who's now
Secretary of State.
I tell people
they're going to throw what they can at
you to intimidate you,
right? So, you know, this is I mean for
a lot of people it's a freaking hobby,
but the when you get cut through all
that, it's deadly serious stuff. But you
know, most people, they're not going to
make it that far because what's going to
happen, they're going to start on this
path and very quickly they're going to
be intercepted by really professionally
well-trained counter inelligence people
and they're going to go off the mark.
I believe to this day
that's what that's that's Ella John
Sando's job. That's Chris Melon's job.
That's uh you know, frankly Hal Putoff's
job on energy. That's that's their job
is to divert people into that dead end
culde-sac.
I believe that would be sad about how
cuz I love I love Howal. So I hope
that's not the case. But
well, I know for a fact that I mean he
has to do what he's doing.
Okay.
His one of his closest friends is on my
team.
I know exactly what they said and what
they did to get him to do what he's been
doing.
The only you know the So this is
interesting. I did you know I came up
with
No, I'm sorry. I mean, I I'm at the
point that I don't think people
the PE [clears throat] Here's what I
think. Yeah.
I said this to your producer.
Yeah.
Or friend before we came in here. Yeah,
there [snorts]
this the the folks who know about this,
they need to come clean truthfully soon
because there is moving through the
system the ability for a law enforcement
entity I can't name that I'm providing
intel to to go to these folks, get their
information, interrogate them, and god
forbid they lie, they're going to prison
the rest of their life. This is getting
very serious right now. So people need
to either be quiet and not lie or speak
the truth.
Yeah.
And this is it is I am making an
explicit advisory here.
Well, I I I love that message and I you
know I made this deep dive on Thomas
Towns and Brown. I think [snorts] he's
this amazing figure who deserves to be
vindicated. And right before I did it,
um Eric Davis got in touch with me and
was like Towns and Brown is a a phony.
And I was I had known enough at that
point. He's counter intelligence.
I didn't I so I don't know. But you know
that.
Oh, I've known that since
early 2000s 90. I mean, yes.
Oh, man. Such a bummer cuz all these
guys are, you know, there's so much
brain power and so it's a
Yes. But think about it.
Uhhuh.
You're going to put really good people
out there to carry the water to
misssage, misdirect, what have you.
Look, you know, put if put my I can put
myself in anyone's shoes. Mhm.
I'm going to put myself in the shoes of
sort of the ruling pilot bureau of this
covert group.
You're going to send people out who are
very well trained. Some of them go
through something called the farm,
which where they're professionally
trained to lie, pass lie detectors, da
da da. They're very well trained at
social engineering. I'm your best
friend. Trust me, wink wink, and then
gaslight you, to misdirect you.
So, none of that surprises me. It's what
you would expect if you took seriously
what Wilbur Smith said in the 1950
document. It's in the briefing document
that was top secret from the Canadian
government that I think accidentally got
declassified.
And he said, you know, about us reverse
engineering the ET craft. But one of his
conclusions was he said no, not a
conclusion. He was told directly that
this issue was more secret than the
development of the hydrogen bomb
two levels higher.
Uh and that was in 1950 two years before
we had it. And that was that is how
seriously the secrecy is because they
were trying to figure out the opus
operande the modus operande of the ET
craft which means how they operate.
That is
and they had not done that yet. See it
was 54 is when they had the
breakthrough. This is 50. So if you're
trying to keep something like this
secret,
you're going to deploy every asset you
can
up to and including the president of the
United States, right? Never mind putting
out to, no offense, people new to the
subject who have no intel background
where you can gaslight people over and
over again. And that's true whether it's
you, Joe Rogan, ABC News, 60 Minutes,
whoever it is. So that's the that is the
Achilles heel of disclosure
is that for every great person who comes
forward trying to tell the truth
there are 10 people who are going to say
part truth part part fiction
and so I'm just saying that
I'm becoming less and less patient with
that.
I used to be a lot more diplomatic than
I am now I'm getting old and crotchety
well I'm just out of surgery too so
yeah it's pretty impressive. Well,
I mean, I have a little bit some pain. I
I don't take any opioids or or or
narcotics.
I'm amazed. Well,
I I wouldn't let him get me even going
into surgery. I said, "No,
give me some torid doll non-steroidal."
And
it's incredible. Well, to this day,
[snorts] RFK Jr., Robert F. Kennedy Jr.,
oh, he's great. He's amazing. And he's
in the current administration
uh as as FDA or Health and Human
Services, right? Or HHS. Yeah. He uh
says that his father was not killed by
Sir Hans Sirhan but by this guy Eugene
Thain Caesar who I believe was a skunk
works security guard or something.
We look you know I have a letter. It may
be in the book. It's in our archive.
Yeah.
And it was his dad
writing to um a uh a UFO researcher back
in ' 68. It's dated one month before
they killed him.
Wow.
And he it said it opens saying I'm a
card,
excuse me, it it says I'm a card
carrying member of the amalgamated uh
Flying Saucer Association of America.
There was such a thing. I went, "Oh my
god, what so iconoclastic anacronism?"
And I go, "Wow." You know, and I get
this letter and so I, you know, years
ago I ran into RFK Jr. at Sundance
and 50 Cent was play. I was given a talk
and
RFK Jr. had had done documentary about
mountaintop removal mining, coal mining
in West Virginia. What a environmental
disaster.
And um called the the last mountain. I
think it was called the last mountain.
It was great.
Um and I told him just briefly because
we were in this crowd, I have a letter
from your dad
about this UFO issue dated a month
before they killed him. Wow.
And that's why because if he he was
going to get the nominee nation and he
would have won,
but his dad was super interested in this
and also I'm convinced knew that his
brother RF Jack Kennedy, the president
was killed over this.
You think he he was killed over UFOs
specifically?
Oh yes.
So the the data points that I have
around that are I believe I don't know
if this letter is real. Maybe you would
know if this letter is real. There's a
there's a letter dated November 12th,
1963, 10 days before he died to John
McCone. John McCone is the acting CIA
director because he had just fired
Dulles,
right?
And McCone also was the former uh head
of the Atomic Energy Commission, so he
would probably know a little a thing or
two about the UFO issue.
Oh, he would have. Yeah.
And JFK is saying to John McCone, we
need uh to coordinate better with the
Soviets on this issue of quote unquote
unknowns in Soviet airspace so they
don't mistake these unknowns
as acts of American aggression. Exactly.
Yeah. Could trigger World War II.
So do you think that letter is real?
I don't know the provenance of it. I
think it likely is. It comports with the
facts.
But here's the other thing. We have a
man whose interview we have on audio
tape
named Bill Holden who was the chief
steward for Air Force One
when Kennedy was flying over to Berlin
where he gave the famous I am a Berliner
speech.
And I I debriefed this man and on that
flight he brought there were some papers
and on one of the papers there had been
a big UFO sighting uh that was on and
and uh so he brought this up to the
President Kennedy and Kennedy said and
the man broke in the tears when he said
this. Kennedy turned to him and says, "I
know this is true and I know these are
real, but the whole matter is out of my
hands and I don't know why." He admitted
he had no control over the issue.
Wow.
Which is why he fired Dulles
because Eisenhower had lost control in
the late 50s. that extended into the
Kennedy era and really no president
except people who have been part of that
organization like George HW Bush, Dick
Cheney by extension W have really had
any control over it
and or any detailed knowledge of it. The
current president has virtually no
knowledge. It's fascinating.
And and uh so President Clinton, you
know, his his his a friend of his,
Webster Hubble, who was in the
Department of Justice,
wrote a book. Um forget the name of the
book. Um and in it, he admits that he
and the president were trying to get to
the bottom of a couple things. One of
them was who killed Jack Kennedy and why
and what's going on with UFOs.
Of course, they're related. And then
something about Marilyn Monroe. And of
course, I have a CIA document that's top
secret, not been declassified,
um, that describes
James Jesus Engleton signed it.
Wow.
That's a basic, it's in the do briefing
document. It's a wiretap of Marilyn
Monroe in ' 62, a couple days before
they killed her, threatening to hold a
press conference.
And that's a real document.
Oh, it is.
That's insane.
Yeah. Oh, it's real. I know the guy who
took it out of the vault from NSA. He's
an NSA guy. I got folks who now people
say, "Why aren't you arrested?" I said,
"Because once we briefed all these
people
like at the level of the president and
Senate oversight committees
and we concluded
Mhm.
that these programs were being run
illegally outside the Constitution. We
declared them all illegal. Therefore,
anyone listening, if you're in those
operations or have been, they cannot
prosecute you for going around your
non-disclosure agreements. If you bring
out documents, tapes, material, they're
open source, and I will release them
because all that material, and I've told
Jake this, are being have been
accumulated under an illegal operation
abusing the National Security Act and
National Security Provisions when they
are in fact have no protections. So, we
need to flip the table here. Instead of
these whistleblowers
being prosecuted or people being killed
for trying to get the truth out, we flip
it around where US law enforcement
operating legally under the
Constitution. Go after the bad actors.
Right? So, that's this is where it's
going to have to go. And I think it
needs to be non-kinetic, not violent,
but it needs to be done by any means
necessary. But if this is the
foundation, I want to unpack this a
little bit. The foundation of disclosure
project. So not in this book, but in our
archive is what's called a UNOD unless
otherwise directed.
It's a military technique used that you
write to a a senior person.
And it says unless otherwise directed,
this is my assessment and this is what
I'm going to do. M
they don't have to write back because
then there's no there's no there's
plausible deniability to async a
commander-in-chief or you know a
fourstar or something
and it's used and so my military advisor
said you know what we need to do this is
by 90 late 97
and after the debacle with Admiral
Wilson and finding out we had one data
point after another after another that
this was an illegal unsanctioned rogue
criminal organization. M
at that point I said well we need to
declare it as such and therefore we need
to visiate everyone's non-disclosure
agreements so they can come forward
that's what we did so that is 1997 I put
a I think a two or threemonth clock on
it so I said unless we're notified
otherwise our assessment is that these
programs are illegal corrupt and
unconstitutional
based on the following facts the
president has been denied access The CI
director was denied access. The head of
intelligence, joint chiefs of staff, and
other senior flag officers have been
denied access. Senior members of the
Senate and House oversight relevant
committees have been denied access
because by then I had met with all that
personally. This is not internet, Google
crap, conspiracy theory stuff. So at
that point, of course, it flipped my
whole world upside down as a doctor, but
I said, "No, at this point, we're
declaring these illegal." And so if
you're someone at Lockheed, Northrup,
Rathon, CIA, DoD, NSA, the whole
alphabet soup, FBI, and you know about
this, you want to come forward, they
can't touch you. M
now the good news is now
there's a law enforcement entity that is
going to extend immunity to them
and we'll protect them. So we have that
in place right now. So, anyone
listening, contact me. We will keep your
name. Look, 80% of everyone's ever come
to me. They're in our archive blackened
out and redacted,
right? For a reason. Because I don't
disclose someone's name unless they say,
"I'm willing to come forward." Like
Michael Herrera,
willing to come forward. So, he did.
He's the only person I ever have met who
saw something like that who lived to
tell the tale.
It's unbelievable that Carrera wasn't
killed. It's an an amazing story and
a true one. We've had three separate
senior intel and military people confirm
that.
So for for the audience, this guy was uh
part of Operation Katana and he was
supposed to go to the Philippines. His
unit was diverted. This Marine Corps
unit was diverted put put in Indonesia.
They see this eightgon octagon uh
Vantablack craft hovering above the
treetops. They're closed in on by these
seemingly S1 special forces. They don't
know if it's special forces, but
nondescript uh uh guys who are very
smooth with their guns and they have
bioscanners and all this kind of, you
know, high-tech.
Yep.
And um he later learns from Jake Barber
that this was maybe a human trafficking
operation and that uh they were putting
these psionic assets, these people who
were meant to be shipped back to the US
psionic assets. In other words, they
were people who had been identified with
the uh predisposition
to have those psionic abilities.
And those were being created up and
moved back to some covert places where
they'd be screened, tested. If they
passed a certain level, then they would
go through a rigorous training program.
Most of them end up in comas or die, by
the way. But the ones that survive are
very good at what they're doing. But
they're basically human tools for these
these really evil covert programs to
essentially hack into these uh non-human
craft communication systems that are
interfacing with thought and
consciousness.
Do you think there
it's like a super high-end version of
Neuralink and move them over into range
and hit them with an electromagnetic
pulse weapon? There are rumors that like
the the show on Netflix, Stranger
Things, is like real and that
Oh, of course. I've talked about all
that stuff for years. Montalk
and gifted and talented education
programs that
I recently met with a pretty senior
person in uh government who I'll
anonymize because I don't think he wants
to be on record on this but
he mentioned [snorts]
um a link between Battel Memorial
Institute and these gifted and talented
education system
and the Cabal running these UFO programs
which is that is
that is one of the people one of the in
institutes on our list of
Yeah. and they manage all the nuclear
sites all over the US. And so if they're
uh and what's interesting is you often
hear stories of people making it past
checkpoints in these gifted and talented
education programs where you prove that
you have you know some mind matter
capabilities and then you get to the
next thing and then they'll show you a
piece of material and who would have the
material it would be battel memorial
institute. So I
amongst others I mean look there are
many there's a whole
military-industrial complex comp
component to this right? Yeah,
there institutes, there all kinds of
foundations, there, you know, it it sort
of is it's it's like a metastatic cancer
that's gone cuz look, they have a lot of
money to spread around.
Yeah.
You know, I I met with a man in 1997
before uh
I was over at the meeting with the CI
director in DC
who said, "We have given at least 10,000
people $10 million each or more to
secure their cooperation with what we're
doing." I think now that was that was 28
years ago. So, and I know he said at
least. So, I said, "Yeah, I'm sure." So,
you know, what's your price? And if you
have the ability to either be
troublesome to them, you're either going
it's like Gordon uh
that guy who used to publish uh Flying
Saucer magazine.
Gordon Cooper.
No, not Gordon Cooper.
Kiteon. Uh
oh, Gordon Kiteon. Yeah.
Yeah. He uh I interviewed him. He's one
of our witnesses because he had been
military intelligence
and he published this and you know all
that used to go over to the palace and
um Prince Philip was very keen on on all
of this.
I've heard that.
Oh, I know for a fact. Yeah. And so
because I [clears throat] know the
people involved. So he said um if you
become too worrisome, you see this
interview, it's in our archive.
There's certain people who they will
erase
or do whatever. So you know I think
people kind of way underestimate
the reach of this organization and to
extent it has has operative embedded but
of course the grand conspiracy theories
are false also. Mhm.
Bohemian Grove. You know what?
Maybe two of those guys know anything
about this.
Trilateral Commission. Maybe two or
three do.
I think
so. I think that one of the problems
with these conspiracy theories is that
they're not nuanced and they're all
pretty dumb
from the point of view is you can't keep
something like this this secret with a
huge number of people knowing. The
number of people read in or read on to
anything like this in any detail is
going to be very very tightly
controlled. But those assets
well-trained, well compensated,
wellplaced,
and so
look, I mean, you know, and and they
don't mind killing one of their own.
Yeah.
You know, when Bill KBY, who had been
read into this, tried to get a zero
point device to us
and about just a small amount, like $50
million in seed money
in 95. I think the the week he was going
to meet with a member of my board,
they found him floating down the the
river south of DC
made to look like a canoeing accident
and his wife knew that he had been
killed. Do
you know the Stan Meyer story? I think
you talk about it in your movie The Lost
Century.
Uh it's like a car that like ran on
water and like
he did. Is is that so was he taken he
died of an aneurysm and do do you think
he act is that real or
his twin brother who we've met with and
who is really the electronics guy behind
all that
Stan Meyer's twin Steve
um absolutely is convinced he was
poisoned and killed
and you think that that
well we have 150 substances that can
kill people
or poison them
you know so
what about pawn splashmen the you know
They Cold Fusion. Yeah, Cold Fusion.
Exactly.
I never met them. I certainly they were
on to something
and I know people who did much more
souped-up versions of that.
All those devices have ended up being
confiscated or the people erased.
Um the guys who bought Stan Meyer's
archive and all his devices.
Um we were trying to get it, but we
didn't have the funding. It went to an
engineering group uh up in Michigan
and uh there was a a man
who I didn't know what the m who the
money was behind that.
So my science advisor Dr. Loader went
and saw this warehouse full of floppy
disc and devices but he had one thing of
great interest. Mhm.
We have a picture of it. It's in our
archive,
dpiarchive.com.
And it looks like a sort of a tooidal
electromagnetic. It had a a magnetically
charged fluid in it. And it was a
complete free energy system.
So, it had a national security order
slapped on it way back,
but it was sitting there to acquire. and
we were going to try to get it and then
open source it because you know memo to
Peter Teal and everyone else if you try
to patent this or or or release it in
the normal let's just say traditional
venture capital way it'll never get out
ever
you have to dump it open source off
blockchain to a two three billion people
all at once
that's my belief I mean like
well there's no way we know I mean this
the whole point of the law century was
to prove
I meet with these kind of geniuses. I
just met
Yeah. Yeah.
with a Fortune10 company, senior
scientist a couple weeks ago.
Uhhuh.
And he came to LA to meet with me.
I was on there's a podcast. Sweetest
lady
ever
named uh Kardashian.
He was so she's so sweet. And she just
released yesterday a podcast I did with
her. But she she was so much fun. So
sweet.
Yeah. She loves your work.
Yeah. I had never met her. Um she's very
very kind and a beautiful person really
smart
I thought very smart
but she um uh so I was out there this
guy flies in super genius he can build
uh over free energy plasma things he can
do teleportation but the major
corporation he works for will do it
so he wants to work with us bring it out
and he he I I said look
don't try to do it through patent you
have to open source it. But if you open
source it and you have a reach of a few
hundred thousand people, no one cares.
So I have a network of various
influencers and celebrities and can get
it to two, three billion people all at
once.
In which case, you squeeze the
toothpaste out of the tube so hard can't
put it back in.
So these fascists that want to keep us
dependent on earth destroying energy
systems forever, you say
adios. What I he has the ability to
build things that teleport and levitate.
I said, "Nope, don't touch those." So,
so where I think that people in the
administration I've spoken to are are
mirroring that what I'm saying about to
tell you. And that is this needs to get
disclosed, we need to do it in a way
where there's a pathway for the people
involved to come clean, but not be
imprisoned and not be executed. Mhm.
Because an eye for an eye will leave the
whole world blind.
Now, if you go back to 93,45,
you'll see what I wrote to the Clinton
administration. It was the same set of
recommendations. Hardcore people in
disclosure say, "Oh, we should round
them up in Nuremberg." I said, "No,
these guys are holding technologies that
are the trump card against everything
the Pentagon has."
Yeah. And plenty of them are just taking
orders under threats of, you know, their
families lives.
Yes. But I mean, we have to have
compassion for that. But even the worst
of the actors
Mhm.
they either need to come forward or put
on a leash, right? And sto stood down.
Now, to do that, you're going to have to
have a group of people who are special
forces trained. And that's the other
part of this we I can talk about
carefully.
Interesting. So, is there there's a plan
maybe to do that?
Oh. Oh, yes. It's already been in place
for about
a year and a half, two years have been.
What is that? Does that involve storming
Area 51 and Dougway and the right pad or
what? What does this involve? Literally.
Wow.
Okay.
Well, they either capitulate
to the legal government of the United
States.
Yeah.
Or they're declared treasonous
operations and then they're put under
proper authority and oversight.
Don't they have the secret weapons that
can like aren't aren't we unmatched?
That's the reason.
So, let me finish the story with Admiral
Wilson. we keep getting diverted.
So at the very end of the meeting,
yeah,
he said to me, he's I asked him, "Can
you help?" He says,
"Well, I he
Mhm.
is a B2 stealth bomber
that I know about."
And you're and I have learned, he didn't
say not what from me, but what I've
learned directly is that there's an
organization that have things that can
do circles, the man-made UFOs, ARVs
around my B2 still. So he says, "So it's
checkmate. It's point set, match. It's
over. I said, "No, sir. We cannot. It is
David. The entire United States legal
United States of America constitutional
government is the David and this
organization is the Goliath."
You remember that? Which is why so many
presidents and so many senators and so
many military guys I met with, they get
to the edge of this precipice and they
go, "God, mother of God." And they back
off.
I wonder. But there's a way around it.
Okay.
So, where the Achilles heel of that
organization is
is that their numbers are very thin,
the subject's coming out and they know
the public opinion is going to go
against them
and then the and because their numbers
are thin,
they they can be overwhelmed in a
tactical operation. The other thing is
their opsects are very good operational
security
but they cannot withstand the full force
of a serious quote investigation
and operation tactical operation. Now
what they do have is technological
superiority and that can be visiated
through some technologies I don't want
to talk about where basically you can go
in and neutralize.
It's fire against fire. But I'll just
tell you, you can go in and neutralize
the facility without a bomb.
And it deal again, it deals with
electromagnetic systems that are
advanced scalar systems.
And you know, there's a a scientist who
talked at our 2023
uh conference right before the national
press club event we did where Herrera
spoke
and u he was a senior GE uh physicist
and scientist who specializes in scalar
M.
So, look, we have assets where I could
say, "All right, go in, you know, so you
could just, you know, their man-made
UFOs and all their other stuff can
neutralize it."
That's all I'm going to say. But I'm
just saying that you have to have an
executive order
from the president to provide the
protections to these high value
whistleblowers. You need personal
security. You need to authorize
uh a law enforcement operation both
KONUS and OKONUS United States and
outside continental United States as
okonis
which can be done and then you need to
fund it. It'd be,
you know, classified funding.
And then you also need to have a pathway
for when you acquire all this material
out of Doug Way and the Edwards complex
and Lockheed Skunk Works underground and
Northrup's underground and Rathons.
What do you do with it?
And are we're recommending the stuff
that flies
is kept secret in terms of it being uh
it has to be acknowledged. We have it.
We all know we have thermonuclear
weapons, but you can't go to Ace
Hardware store and buy one. So, it it
has to get acknowledged properly,
but we just say right now the world is
too unstable to let every 10p dictator
or terrorist in the world have something
that can go from Mogadishu to DC in 3
minutes and drop a dirty bomb. Right?
There are valid national security
concerns about some of these
technologies and the world is not at
that place. The world is at the place
where something that could sit on this
table
that would run this building without
pollution.
Can we can we
and there there what happens then?
The the Malthian problem gets fixed.
Malthusian
Musian
the Malthusian problem gets fixed
because you have something where you're
going to eliminate in about 20 years
global poverty. Much of terrorism and
radicalization is the have and have not
problem. And because we're so
narcissistic and self turned inward
looking in America, we don't realize
three billion people on the planet don't
even have energy
to cook their food. It's why they're
chopping down the rainforest or chopping
down the brush in the in the deserts
keep growing because it's like a pack
locust that are just ripping everything
out. But it's because of the severe
mind-numbing inhumane
uh I tell Christians uncchristian
poverty that we've improve imposed.
But that's based on the energy system.
You're never going to fix it with wind
and solar ever or with a plug-in
electric car. It's never going to get
fixed. Now these new technologies will
fix that. It'll fix the biosphere, fix
pollution, end poverty, stabilize
geopolitically. Now they're going to be
losers.
hundreds of trillions of dollars in
assets and commodities. But again, it
isn't going to happen like this. It's
not like downloading an app. These are
heavy industries. It's going to take at
least 15 to 20, 30 years to transition
from our current cars and electric grid
to what I'm talking about. And I don't
know that we have 30 years. So, we need
to get going. So my point to people is
that in in the administration and I had
this little debate with Patrick David on
his show is that this, you know, taking
decades to do this could have been done
in the 20s, 30s, 40s. This is 2025. We
have 8 billion people on the planet
living like like in the 1800s
energy-wise. Oil, gas, coal, blah blah
blah, wind. The Dutch had that ages ago.
Okay. So we have a little bit of extra
nuclear 1940s.
So are you telling me the whole world
has to run on stuff that's 80 to 120
years old? This is ridiculous. But it
benefits a very very tiny oligarch
ruling group of people on the planet.
Energy banking pro dollar very I mean
we're not again we're not talking about
a few hundred billion. We're talking
about several hundred trillion dollars.
But if we're destroying the biosphere
and and what their solution is, well,
let's just keep diverting people with
shiny little problems
in 9/11.
Aliens
that are scary. See, that's the next big
thing. This is what Veron This is why
when people spread that kind of
nonsense, I am going to go after them
like a goddamn Rottweiler because that
is how we end up in World War II. That's
how we end up in a totalitarian
militaristic superstate. The opposite of
the golden age, the opposite of a age of
enlightenment, the opposite of a
sustainable world. That's the end of the
world as we know it. And I tell people
even if there are some ETs [snorts] that
are really are ETSs and not from another
dimension or a man-made diversion
that are troublesome.
You think you're going to win that war
down the barrel of a gun? No. You're
going to do C5 contact. Go get the app.
Anyone can get it. It works.
William Shatner has it and did it and
went up in space. So go get it, you
know.
Barber and others will tell you it abs
that concept absolutely works because
what we have to do is figure out if
we're having any kind of conflict
is it always going to get solved through
a kinetic war.
Well, that's the end of the world
because you're not dealing with
thermonuclear weapons. You're dealing
with weapons that would make a hydrogen
bomb look like a tinker toy. M
so when you start getting into
technologies that can affect spacetime
where you could dissociate the basically
the material of an entire planet poof no
you don't go there
so this is a ser see for most people
they look at too much science fiction
and Hollywood crap and way too much
ufology where it mixes in all these
rubbish and false narratives and myths
with the truth but if you think about
this as a thinking per a really serious
person.
Even if there was a civilization or one
or two, that might be troublesome. And I
don't think there's any evidence there
is, but I'll just you can't prove a
negative. So, let's be devil's advocate.
No, I'll be the advocate of what 99% of
my colleagues say. There are these
worrisome aliens that we have to fight.
And
where are you going to fix that? How are
you going to fix that? Through a war,
through conflict? Well, it would last
about 0.1 nconds.
No, this is stupid. That is a suicide
mission.
So, if we're going to be serious about
this, then we have to think, well, even
if that were the case, and I don't think
it is at all. Neither does Jake because
every here's the thing, too. every man,
and they've all been men so far, who
have been operational on those retrieval
teams that I've been meeting with back
all the way to the early 90s,
not a single one of them when they
encountered a living one
said they were anything but very
peaceful, very enlightened, and and very
kind, but very concerned about humanity
and what we're doing to the earth and to
ourselves and potentially to them.
Because remember now here's let's cut
this to the bottom line here. The reason
we're running out of time is that the
technology curve from the 40s to now has
gone like that. So right now and and and
and Jake will admit this the nonhuman
ETcraft
and the really advanced ones from Rathon
and some of the other companies are
virtually indistinguishable.
But that also means the technology that
can be weaponized is at that level which
means humans, this corrupt organization
not under the control of the president,
the Congress and the Pentagon
is becoming a threat to other worlds.
This is where we cross a red line and
I've known about it for 30 years. And
I'm telling people, we are right there.
We're right at that point. and that you
do not want to cross that red line to a
point where there has to be an
intervention from out there, right? But
I think there are people in this crazy
corrupt organization,
this transnational corrupt organization
that runs this and a bunch of other
stuff who would like to see that because
I learned this in 94 from the crown
prince of Likensstein, Hansum.
He seems super into this topic. He's
popped up a few times, didn't he? like
take all the Roswell witnesses and and
fly them out to Europe and meet with
them. And so you've met him, too. And
Oh, yeah. Yeah. I spent a whole
afternoon with him
and he's very
No, he's part of the organization.
He is.
Oh, he was Opus Day. He funded funds
Opus Day, a really far right-wing group
at the Vatican.
And I spent a lot of time with him.
But so you like him. You find him of
pure intention or
No, no. His intention. I was going to
tell you this.
Listen.
Uhhuh.
So this long meeting was very
disturbing.
Uhhuh.
And it was at the Pierre Four Seasons in
New York there, but on [snorts] Fifth
Avenue across from Central Park. And um
we had a suite. Uh we had wanted to meet
for a while and I couldn't deconlict my
schedule as an emergency doctor and his
schedule. We finally got together in New
York because he was coming to visit
Lawrence Rockefeller. Mhm.
And so we had this long meeting and he
told me, he says, "The reason I'm
funding Bud Hopkins and even back then
uh John Mack and some other people is
that and um David Jacobs."
Mhm.
Is that
he had the threat narrative, David
Jacobs,
is that we want the public
to hate the aliens so bad
that we can have an interplanetary war
so that we'll have Armageddon. So Christ
will return. I'm quoting.
That's that agenda. So it's an
esquetological
esquetology is to study how the world
ends.
So from that point of view,
[clears throat] this instead of having a
future, a new world, if you can take it,
as the ET said, the Colonel Corso, that
story, it's great. A new world that we
could go forward for hundreds of
thousands of years as an event. Let's
end the world so Christ will come back,
the Messiah. So there's a weird
part of this organization that's corrupt
that has this firm belief that we have
to provoke an interplanetary conflict
and that's how the world comes to an end
and that's how Christ comes back. Now
when I heard this I just listened and I
was of course horrified and stoaltified.
I went, "What the fuck?" You know, WTF
and I didn't say it, but I just wanted
to hear where, you know, where are you
really coming from in the organization
you're part of? Because he was part of
that.
Oh, sure.
So, he wanted to speed up the end of the
world so Christ could
which is why he was funding all the
abduction groups and researchers.
You know, I've heard
he was funding them because those were
the frontline people. So, a lot of those
were innocent people. They would have
someone who a CIA special operations
team or some other group that had one of
these man-made flying saucers or discs
would abduct someone. That case would
then be channeled through a couple
cutouts to David Jacobs or Bud Hopkins
or John Mack. Now, they didn't know that
I was debriefing people who were the
ones operating the abduction program
that was human.
Same thing with cattle mutilations.
Linda Moon thinks those are aliens. No,
we're doing that.
So, we're there's all this talk now of
disclosures. You have, uh, disclosures
around the JFK assassination. People
want the 911 records. They want, you
know, all these things. They want
Epstein stuff. And so, uh, you know,
[cough]
excuse me. [clears throat]
Do you think we get any progress on
UFOs? And then maybe even the the better
question because UFOs are such, you
know, it's so complicated. It's this
gangly octopus. It's so hard to kind of
find where the the bodies are buried, so
to speak. Um,
no, it's not.
Well, well, yeah, maybe not. So, you
think it is? It's easy.
Well, but what I was going to ask,
here's what we're doing.
The actual intelligence
Yeah.
that they need that that like Mr. Grush
was provided some of.
Yeah.
That could lead to hitting pay dirt.
We have a huge amount of it. other
people I'm working with who are who have
been former or current special forces
have a lot of it
that can be provided to
the operation I'm talking about that's
being looked at but that needs an
executive order from the pre this is the
one pager for the president
is that going to happen you think he's
going to listen and and sign an
executive order his son seems very into
the issue
oh Don Jr. I spoke with him briefly.
Yeah. No, they're very interested.
Unfortunately, Don Jr. got gas lit about
a lot of this by Alzando with false
information. Joe Rogan has totally been
misled.
Your episode with Rogan got deleted or
something.
Well, he in order to get his money from
Spotify, they had to take it out.
Really?
Oh, force.
And
it's like when Sean Ryan had on show in
Herrera shortly after that, he got
threatened. I'm I can't be on that show
anymore.
Really? Am I Am I going to get [__]
with?
No. I mean, you don't have the numbers.
If you had 20 million people,
maybe I guess that's good.
Or the question is, what dirt do they
have on you?
No, I think I'm pretty straight up.
So, if you don't care about being bought
off with money,
I'm assuming you have some assets.
Yeah. Doing all right.
And Yeah. [laughter] So,
so if you're if you're not corruptible
with money
and and if you're not somebody who's
going to try to jump the shark by
getting on the inside for the
technologies is what happened. That was
Bigalow's Achilles Hill,
Bob Robert Bigalow,
and you're not af, you know, afraid.
Mhm.
Uh, and you don't have something they
could blackmail you with,
you know.
Do you think Bob Bigalow has a warehouse
with UFOs in um in Vegas?
No,
you don't. No, I can tell you that
Colonel Alexander, who was his concigli,
that was all set up so that the $22
million that Harry Reid helped get to
Bigalow Aerospace to research this would
be you. B here's what that operation
was. Send the money to that. Bigalow
didn't know this. He really didn't. He
was innocent.
It was Alexander who did all the
gaslighting.
Send the money to there. They get the
money. The Pentagon thinks they're going
to get a serious research effort.
You might as well have opened the toilet
lid, flushed $22 million down to the to
the sewer because that was a setup.
And I spoke to uh General Bob Herbert
who was had left the military and was
right hand to Senator Reid about this a
few years ago during COVID and another
senior operative who worked with him.
And
they said to me, "We didn't get anything
of any value out of all those millions
of dollars." I said, "No, because the
person who is actually directing that
operation is someone who has been key to
covering this up for decades as part of
this rat pack of guys named Colonel
Alexander, who by the way is the
Conigliaria mentor for one Lou Alzando."
Okay? So, look, you know, I'm not going
to mince words with you. I know you've
gotten all submerged in this stuff and
it's all mixed up in your brain, but I'm
trying to give a little clarity. Yeah, I
know I'm a very people hate that I'm so
direct about this, but [laughter] you
know, I'm the kind of I tell people, if
you have a brain tumor, I'm not going to
tell you have a migraine, right? I'm
going to say, "Hey, bro, I'm sorry. You
got a you [laughter] got a brain tumor.
It's got to come out." But
that's just how I run. I'm a very direct
person. But the the the so so that
operation really was sad because and I
really think um what Bigalow wanted to
do and I remember meeting with him
privately after the Rockefeller [sighs]
[snorts] uh meeting is that
[clears throat] he wanted to get on the
inside of the tech and what was really
going on with the intelligence community
because you know he was a a Las Vegas
billionaire. He was a he was an heir to
a real estate fortune
in Vegas and
budget suites right with
and all that. Yeah. So he had the money
so he didn't need the money
but he wanted the access. So they find
what your soft spot is. You know where's
your soft underbelly. Some people they
just want to get rich. Some people they
just want to get in a position of power.
Some people if they're already rich and
powerful they want to get on the inside
of this big secret. So that's how they
got their hooks in him. And I warned him
of that. Same thing with Joe Fermage
that got pulled in and was
this was this tech entrepreneur who got
anti-gravity. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. And he got totally gas lit
and pulled into an operation. It ruined
his life.
And then he got put in prison for
something.
And I warned him, "This is going to be
an op.
You're going to spend your money and all
this time." Because he took the same
bait. He was wealthy. And I met with him
at the Mars Cafe in South of Market in
San Francisco way back in the 90s. And I
warn I said, ' Joe, you're gonna you're
a mark
for these guys. And sure enough, that
same group of people intercepted him.
Peter Thiel was almost intercepted by
some of these people
really
for energy technology stuff. Yeah. With
how put off and some others.
Peter.
Yeah.
Like the guy they were going to get
the guy that I've worked with.
Yeah. [clears throat] They were going to
get 150 million of his that would be
flushed down the toilet. How put off?
No, I don't think so.
Yes, sir.
Not
I was I got a heads up from the the
senior MOCI guy and I back channel that
information to Eric Weinstein.
Yeah, but we I've met with I [snorts] I
because I'm open about this. I've
brought Howal into the office, but it
didn't nothing ended up happening.
So,
he's he's they're putting him out, you
know, look, he's up in his what 80s, I
guess, now.
Yeah.
He's like a lot of these guys. They have
to find a a replacement. But no, he was
an operative that was u uh you know I
look I probably his closest friend ever
is on my team and I know the whole
backstory.
Same thing with Jacqu Valet. Great guy,
brilliant guy, but at some point he got
too far involved with that same cabal of
people
and got corrupted. And this is why you
know in our um
uh documentary we talk about
the uh document that he admits to
having. It's in his 1992 book that Jacqu
Flet wrote. I forget the name of it. Um,
and there's an entry where he talks
about having a 1985.
That was when he was really got involved
with the Colonel Alexander types and
stubble types,
the advanced theoretical physics working
group.
No, no, just let me finish.
The document is a description of CIA
operations in Argentina and Brazil
to abduct peasants
so that they think they're being
abducted by aliens for its quote, I'm
quoting psychological warfare value.
Now, we've asked Jacqu Fleet to release
that document. He got very agitated of
against my research producers and said
no way because I think he knows that
that's so that is the core of the cover
up is the false convincing of the public
of an alien threat. But this is a black
and white CI document Jacqu Valet has
and I know a couple other people have it
but they've been threatened that
outlines that operation. So these
abduction programs have operated not
just US but also overseas for decades.
Remember that's a 40 year old document
85 and those programs were started well
before then.
Well, I will say Charles Douglas Jackson
who ran psychological warfare for the
country and was uh operated in the
psychological strategy board under
Gordon Gray.
Uh uh he showed up uh at Betty and
Barney Hills house two weeks after they
encountered what they encountered. So
I've always found that to be kind of
interesting. And then he went on to work
for Life and Time magazine and he was
responsible for putting out this
Zaprruder film of JFK getting shot with
missing frames, right?
So maybe there's something kind of weird
there. I don't know.
Well, I'm telling you there is. I mean,
this is [laughter] this is the part of
this there's I call it the myth the myth
in the briefing document
for the president. I take out some of
the names that I know are the operatives
doing it.
But I have on it's a one sheeter on one
side is
the myth and the other is the truth.
Mhm.
And who are the purveyors of the myth
and what is the actual facts of it?
Yeah.
And unpacking it is a very arduous
Mhm.
complicated and I I'll admit I didn't
know what I'm just telling you back in
199094.
It came from being pulled in
by people who wanted me to know the
truth. Who are these deep throats that
some of these 800 people have debriefed?
But there are documents that would prove
this like jockey has that document.
The law enforcement and and the the
president should say subpoena that.
Do you think Nixon was taken out over
this issue with Watergate? Because you
saw Deepth Throat. The real Deep Throat
was a guy named Mark Felt who's a deputy
director of the FBI. Correct.
In his biography, he talks about Nixon
being shown covert technology. And then
there's this famous story of Nixon
showing up at Jackie Gleason's place in
1973 and telling him, "We have secret
UFO technology, taking him to Homestead
Air Force Base." Yeah.
And then Jackie Gleason gets obsessed
with UFOs. His house becomes shaped like
a UFO. See, is that story? Is that all
true? And
100% true, but it goes back further. M
so [clears throat] let's explain how
national security in in the 50s maybe
from the 50s on the chairman of the
what's called the space council
for the United States government is the
vice president traditionally now they
have a professional director
but the vice president is chairman
so Nixon was chairman of space council
during Eisenhower
he was part of the team that betrayed
Eisenhower along
these others.
So they circled their wagons and their
limousines and pushed Eisenhower further
out of the picture.
The 5412 committee.
So this would they were very upset. I
mean obviously so Nixon of course lost
the election with Jack Kennedy.
Mhm.
And then he won in ' 68.
So when he was going to be in his second
term, he was going to be the person he
thought would disclose all this and
start bringing it forward. But the
organization that's way more powerful
than the presidency said, "Oh, no you're
not." "Oh, yes I am." "Oh, no you're
not." So Watergate did happen. But I
mean, there's that kind of black bag
stuff happens all the time in politics.
I mean, it's not I'm a excusing it. It's
just it's a dirty business, a filthy
business. So, what happened is that
there was a young reporter named Bob
Woodard.
Mhm. who was actually naval intelligence
in Pentagon. He was not a journalist. He
got moved over to the Washington Post.
Happened to have this whistleblower
who then guess you know you know the
cover was let's expose the corruption
that Nixon did which he did
but it was really to remove him because
he was hellbent on bringing this stuff
out. So a similar thing of course
happened to Bill Clinton. M
the whole Monica Lewinsky thing, Linda
Trip was army intelligence NSA person
was put right beside Monica Lewinsky at
a cubicle to get through social
engineering befriending her the
information about that affair.
Wow.
And then it was set up because when he
was asked about it, Clinton lied about
it under oath which it led to his
impeachment. That was also and so when
Hillary said I'm and I'm not excusing
any kind of behavior. I'm not trying to
But I'm just telling you this is how it
is done.
All right? So they can either
[clears throat] kill you, they can
threaten you, they can do all kinds of
stuff, or they can set up something like
that because very few people get at that
level of national politics that are
squeaky clean
and and they're going to know that
and they can use it against you.
So this is where people talk about
welfare and all the stuff going on. It's
been done for decades. I mean, let's
face it, Nixon weaponized the IRS and
the DOJ long before the people in the
Trump circle started talking about
lawfare. That's a proven thing.
Do you think there's any connection?
And Nixon was a Republican.
Yeah.
Right. So, I mean, you know, this kind
of dirty trick stuff's been going on
since forever.
Speaking of dirty trick stuff, is there
any connection between Jeffrey Epstein
and UFOs?
I have no idea. And I I actually the
salacious stuff related to that it's
like oh my god.
Um I'm not excusing any kind of underage
whatever but you know I think that that
was probably a op to try to pull in
certain people and then have a blackmail
file on them.
Mhm. Yeah. That seems like it. when I'm
speaking with some absolute knowledge
about it
because there's a very senior person in
the national security apparatus who is
was part of that who's being kept on a
short leash because they have a a
blackmail file on it.
Wow.
And so that's how it's done. So, you
know, I could do a whole 5h hour podcast
with you about the techniques of counter
intelligence and disinformation on this
and the kind of dirty tricks run on
people. And if they can't get something
real, they'll make it up because with AI
and deep fakes.
Yeah.
I mean, they can show the everyone in
this room having an orgy together.
Right.
Right. They can take my voice and make
me say anything.
They can create any docs they want.
It'll look absolutely authentic. In
fact, I just had that happen last week.
My iPhone was hacked into and all kinds
of stuff.
I was threatened.
Oh no.
Oh, this hap this has been happening
since 91.
Do you think that do aren't isn't
Tesla's stuff still classified by the
And then I know Towns and Browns is
classified by the Navy.
So we're talking about class
classifiations of all these other things
and and declassifications of all these
other things. What about the science?
Can like fundamental science shouldn't
be classified. Can we get Tesla's work
open?
Here here's the problem.
All of the everything that doesn't fly
or teleport
should and could be decl I mean a lot of
it be medical. I mean I've seen some
technologies at a underground lab on the
Mexican American border really El Paso
that
you can regrow a limb. You could a
severed spinal cord could be corrected.
Are you serious?
Yes.
But that's not being widely distributed.
No. Because the physics behind do you I
don't know if you have a physics
background the physics behind that
scalar
no transdimensional physics would be
able to also quickly to any scientist
be converted to oh I can generate energy
from that
all right so and if you and the energy
sector that runs the planet where
everyone's dependent on this line of
super tankers and power plants and all
of that
the whole Brettton Woods with the petro
dollar the dollar being the reserve
currency because of petroleum basically
a ramco in Saudi Arabia was basically
set up by the CIA. So all of that
integrated macroeconomic
issue is really one of the core reasons
for the secrecy.
And so any technology that would open
that door
they don't want out because it threatens
the current order.
Yeah. And when I explained this to um
the honorable Paul Hillier who had been
minister of defense, I was one of the
reasons why he came out publicly. We did
a press conference together in Toronto.
His um before he contacted me, he
contacted a four-star general in the
United States because he read a book
called The Day After Roswell by Philip
Corso.
And um
then he realized this four-star general
he said is this story. He says, "Oh
yeah, that and more." that general had
been read on to it. And so he called me
up and we met and I spent a lot of time
at his place in Toronto. Um, and I
explained to him the whole macroeconomic
order,
how it runs, who runs it, etc.
And it turned out he was a macroe
economist.
And he says, "I've never connected UFOs
and ETSs to the science and technology
part dealing with energy." I say, "Well,
bingo." That's the heart of it right
there.
That and the militarization of the
relationship between humans and
non-human so that the
military-industrial complex and be this
global behemoth that keeps sucking money
out of the people and governments in
endless war.
Have you heard the name Tim Taylor ever?
No, I don't know him.
Um, what about Ron Pandalfi? Have you
heard that name?
Oh, sure.
What do you think of of him? Is he
because he comes up a lot in this topic
as you know somebody interested in it
and uh yeah is he
I you know look I you you bring up names
a lot I you know what uh Elanor
Roosevelt said
uh yeah she did so you're insulting me
[laughter]
small minds talk about people mediocre
minds talk about events great minds talk
about ideas
so you don't want to talk about Penduli
well there are a lot of you can name a
list forever yes of course he was has
been involved and knows things and
um I think he he's another person
who's uh very knowledgeable
and had been read on very early on in
his career.
Mhm.
And who I think really I believe really
wants a correct outcome.
Okay.
Okay. So, I think there are a lot of
people that are, you know, what one of
uh
one of Jake's guys said to me.
Mhm.
Uh wonderful man, brilliant named Don
Paul. I don't know if you Don Paul.
Yeah, I've heard great thing. I saw him
get interviewed and
just wonderful man. And
he had picked me up once in LA when I
was doing something and and he dropped
me off I I don't know, Airbnb where I
was staying.
And he said, uh, he said, ' Dr. Thank
you for what you're doing for those of
us stuck on the other side.
And what what he meant by that, we're
stuck on the in the side of these
illegally run, shadowy legacy programs,
but they're patriots. They're good men
and women.
They want out,
but they need a way out. Mhm.
So that's what I'm trying to get the
president through these five executive
orders. Here they are one page.
Awesome.
It's put in his hands. You know, he has
this
very cool
is that we'll link it.
One of them has to be this complete
amnesty and immunity and physical
protection of these people so they can
come forward with everything they have.
Right. But you can't expect people to do
that naked,
uncovered when if they're doing so could
result in their their families being
killed or they're being imprisoned under
false pretenses.
Of course.
So I tell people why what good is there
having an FBI is what I'd say to Mr.
Cash
uh Patel
if it's not going to be used against the
worst criminal enterprise within the US.
Yeah.
The true deep state.
Yeah. that is victimizing patriots and
heroes.
Yeah.
Trying to come forward. I mean, this
nonsense needs to come to a screeching
halt. And a lot of these men and women,
that's what they're waiting for.
And we got really close to it when the
Congress was supposed to pass that bill
to give them safe harbor or amnesty and
protect them,
but it it was gutted by Turner, Rogers,
Pelosi, some other people. For the
skeptics out there, do you have a most
kind of visceral uh convincing piece of
evidence that you've seen in your life
where you're in possession of either a
document or a piece of material where
you're like, "This is disclosure for
me." You know, this is this is kind of
obvious.
It was the weight of the evidence and um
you know, I don't have a a dead ET body
or or a craft I can haul out.
But that's what I'm hoping this special
operations team can acquire. Well, there
you go.
Because we know where they are.
Do you feel like you're being
So, I know where the under, you know, if
you look at our map that's in Let Hold
that up. This is the brief. There is a
map in there that actually has where all
the key black sites are and where all
this stuff is.
We'll throw it on
and it but it's all based on
frankly intel from all these
whistleblowers.
Yeah. Well, you had deep underground
military bases are across the US and
Becktel has built a lot of them. I think
we used techniques used by the Nazis
actually after in
well no because in in our archive we
have the actual 1960s patent for a
nuclearpowered tunnely device and let me
explain how it works.
It goes through bedrock and basically
turns it into glass.
Whoa.
And so you have connectors from
Nellis Area 51 to Edwards go
underground. Boom. Dougway um from the
Capitol out to the mountains in
Virginia. Uh these have all been built.
Now, of course, they don't want to
disclose because it's a nuclearpowered
thing if it malfunctioned, but it's a
nuclearpowered device that Becktail and
other corporations have used to build
not only the connectors, but the deep
underground facilities.
Most people call them stiffs,
subterranean facilities. Some people
call them DOMS, deep underground
military bases. But it's a bit of a
misnomer because military would connote
the legal military. So you have the
shadow government military that Inoi,
Senator Enoi talked about and you have
the conventional.
Now when I was briefing the senior
investigators for Senate Intelligence
Committee when I first started meeting
with them,
they didn't know we had these
facilities.
They didn't know we had man-made UFOs.
They didn't know the NRO had nutrino
light detectors on them picking up the
signature of the ET craft and knocking
them down. They didn't know and the list
goes on and on. And interestingly, the
main guy I was talking with in his
portfolio of oversight for the Senate
Intelligence Committee was the NRO, CIA,
and NSA.
Totally had no knowledge of it. M
so I tell people this is where it gets
scary for for me as a young doctor
when I discovered something this
important is being
taken out of the hands of the oversight
of we the people's government the the
the government that we elect and the
people we appoint
and then the people who are in that
system because they're there are
basically not answering to the
constitution the president or the will
of the people and the congress They're
answering to this cabal of corrupt
enterprises and that is a very dangerous
thing when you're dealing with
technology at this level
because and the human future
and this is where I'm fiercely def you
know what it is I feel like I'm a oneman
anti-defamation league for ETSs
because everyone out there wants to have
the good ones and the bad ones when
we're going to have Star Wars and
cowboys and Indian in space in an
endless war of
I'm going oh my god can you just grow up
out of that
I mean this is so first of all it's so
stupid
I mean it's dumb
dumb I mean it's like
but it's hard to speculate on these I
mean
no it isn't
we don't have great data [clears throat]
like it's
you don't because you haven't studied my
stuff [laughter] we have great data
I've been looking through it
go look up this this reference that Jock
File's document from the CIA has it
black and white says we're conducting
the abductions, but it's not just in the
United States, these operations are
global.
Uhhuh.
So again, you want the other thing I
said,
so in the skiff, a secure compartment
information facility.
I'm in there and there's a map on the
wall
and it's a normal map of the world with
all the geopolitical boundaries. I said,
"See that map?"
The boundary between America and Canada,
erase it. The boundary between Mongolia
and China erase it.
The boundary between wherever.
Yeah.
India and ch it's gone.
This organization moves with elacrity
across the globe because their
technologies allow complete covert
movement,
invisible movement, and they have assets
everywhere. We know that there have been
um
uh apparently a man-made UFO that went
down in Russia. We've gotten that
confirmed recently from a [snorts]
special operations team.
Wow.
And there was one that crashed and went
down in northern Iran that we had to try
to go in and
stomp down. But you know, we have the
this is the next one that just came out.
Ouch. hurts to bend my I have these
three big puncture things in my abdomen.
So, this is Disclosure and Illustrated
History and it's a 220
30 page book um that has, you know, all
the we I wonder where the Herrera one
is.
Yeah.
So, they have all these cases. Oh,
here's
here's uh the tic tac.
Oh, there you go. San Diego, California,
2004.
Yeah. But we have one in there as a
contrast.
Uhhuh. from 1967 in Pennsylvania and
1991 off the Azors.
Oh,
here is the Rathon triangle
at uh Fort Irwin.
Mhm.
Wow.
That is man-made.
And the guy who saw it
Uhhuh.
in detail cuz he picked up some night
scopes. He was told not to.
Uhhuh.
Saw that there was this one and then
they were holographically projecting
several others.
Wow. this could be used in a in a false
[snorts] alien invasion, you know, like
a hoaxed invasion. And then that later
he and his wife got abducted by this
thing.
Yeah.
And tortured.
Whoa.
And it was Rathon. And everyone I would
say out of a million people
proof that it was Rathon.
Oh yeah. Cuz he said the men who took
him there were Rathon operatives. They
took him aside, wanted to show him this,
but but not without the nightcope. So he
saw more detail than they wanted. And
for that reason it ruined his life.
Steven DNA wonderful man.
Wow. And Warner von Brown was convinced
that there would be this sort of false
flag because he knew when he died in 74
Mhm.
that was all fully operational.
You work with his assistant, right?
His last spokesperson for his life.
Carol Rosen's on our team. Wonderful
woman.
Yeah.
She's been trying to get a treaty signed
that should have been signed decades
ago, keeping these weapons out of space.
Um,
didn't she also tell you though that
I'll let you huh that Warner von Braonn
used psychotronic weapons technology
against her or something? Use some
psychotronic technique
wasn't against her. It was for him to
transmit to her a speech he wanted to
give to a big conference.
Wow. And he used like a mind
interface. Yeah. Neuralink sort of thing
but without the wires.
You know what Elon's working with with
Neurolink? Think of it what what Jake's
talked about with psionics. Think of
being able and
this is where my specialty came in back
in after my contact experience in 73
is um
I realized that these civilizations have
technologies that interface directly
with coherent thought. Mhm.
So not just any scattered thing but like
if you like in con the consciousness
field is not limited by spacetime
and which means it is essentially
omnipresent.
So if you operate at a level of
understanding that and then with thought
intend
you can reach any place in spaceime but
also you can transmit information that
way
and it can be received. But they're not
just doing it telepathically like like
gurus. They have technologies. So it
would look like a little box or a little
uh device that can receive directed
thought can send and transmit. So in
1991 I wrote a paper went all through
the aerospace industry and CIA which
kind of also put me on the radar talking
about technology assisted consciousness,
right? where that your technology can
assist you in the ability
but also consciousness assisted
technology where your thought
bioelectric field and thought can
actually turn on a computer or affect
remote places but it can be done
innately you know just through those
powers and abilities that some
telepathic and telekinetic people have
but it can be done technologically
assisted
so that's why I call it TAC and CAT
so that's in my first book
extraterrestrial contact the evidence
and implications but it's from 99 you
can still get it but I think that that
describes this and that is exactly what
they have so interstellar communications
don't involve a smartphone going at the
speed of light they involve node to node
quantum entanglement so if you know what
quantum entanglement is every point in
space is connected to every other um in
sort of a holographic non-locality
and so it go whether you're an Andromeda
galaxy and you're here 2 and a half
million light years you're not going
with a you know a horizon signal at the
speed of light because it would take two
and a half million years to go one way
answer the call it'd be another two and
a half million years it's going node to
node through entanglement
but there are technologies that assist
with that but when you get to that level
of physics
you also get into the telekinetic
psionic
telepathic capabilities
which can be interfaced technologically.
So that's actually what we're doing with
C5 contact. We're not using any
technologies but we know our friend the
visitors
they have it.
So if you can remote view them, connect
to them and then invite them. We don't
summon them. I told Jake, don't use the
word summon. You summon your butler. If
you're the king of England, you s summon
your valot. These are not your servants.
It's a dis it's a disrespectful term. We
invite them. And so we say what we're
trying to do is create a raw prol and a
contact between human and non-human for
peaceful purposes. We're not here to sum
them over and kill them. So that's the
that's the philosophy, let's say, or
ethos behind C5 contact.
And you know, there are millions
[clears throat] of people around the
world doing that. Amazing.
That gets me the most grief. You know,
Jake and I have talked about other
people talked about. I said, "But it's
also why the CIA and military
intelligence took us most seriously."
Yeah.
Because they knew it worked. I mean,
they knew when we had this group in '92
on a beach near Pensacola and we had
this 60 people for a weekend
demonstrating this. Four of these craft
just pop up right into right there.
They seem to take intense interest in
people who attract UFOs. So in you
there's this Chris Bledsoe this case in
North Carolina where Hal Pavvenmire this
longtime national
and then he's been intercepted by Jim
Seivan and other disinformation people
who are esquetologists.
So do you think he
they're fanatics who want the end of the
world?
You think Chris Bledo actually saw
something or
Oh sure I'm likely he I don't know him.
I don't know because by the time I
learned about it he had already been
intercepted.
But you think he got inter he saw
something and then
Absolutely. Absolutely. Uhhuh.
Most people are, you know,
and you think their interest, these
these military intel guys, their
interest is in esquetology is in like
No, not all of them. I mean, like I
said, you know, don't you can't be
simplistic here.
Some are about macroeconomics, power,
control,
military-industrial, endless war. Others
have this sort of belief system.
Yeah. that we have to have some kind of
endgame Armageddon nonsense in order for
Christ to come back or the Messiah if
you're Jewish or whatever
or the mitra for Buddhist you know
all of that is of course I think a
misinterpretation of things
I don't think it's the end of the world
it's the end of this era the opening of
another
a golden age
so I think if you look at what the the
so-called current cycle of the last
400,000 years that's one cycle. I think
we're coming to the end of that cycle
and opening a cycle that will be
universal. That'll be about another
500,000 years. That'll be marked by
universal peace, not just world peace.
Uh interstellar travel, a very advanced
society here
and people being liberated financially
and and by the means of work. So their
work week will come become 10 15 hours
and they'll be pursuing the development
of higher states of consciousness and
all these other abilities that are
innately within us the human potential
part.
So I think that's where we should be
going. Now there are other people when
it's just a it's like the hopy prophecy
one line goes up and the other one
terminates.
The question is do we want to be on the
termination line? In which case, the
only way to go forward is for our
civilization to come out of the dust.
Mhm.
Like the phoenix, out of the out of the
ruins,
rise from the ashes,
which can happen. But you know, why
choose that when we can choose something
else?
Yeah.
So right now the door is open for us to
make that choice individually,
collectively. the people who are
profering false information about the
alien threat that we don't have these
technologies. If you say we don't have
them, then everything going on you can
ascribe to aliens when it's not. That's
the false flag. That's what I'm going to
go after because people who say that
they're lying. They're either ignorant
or they're lying. Now Elon Musk recently
said on Joe Rogan he has an all access
pass through Lockheed and Northrup and
we don't have any of these technologies.
The best technology out there is his
rocket.
To be honest with you, I don't know the
gentleman.
I have no idea if he's not been readon
or if he's deliberately deceiving.
What would be your guess? I I wouldn't
wager one because I could see it either
way
because of the level of people I've met
with and met with recently.
He's got to know if if in the world in
which UFOs and zero point energy, all
these things are real, he's got he's got
to be the, you know,
but no, no, but here's the problem.
He doesn't have an all access pass.
I I was once at a meeting with uh a
chairman of SRRI
and AT&T.
Mhm. Do they have compartment operations
that have dealt with this
bail labs and all that? This is back in
the 90s.
And they said to me,
"We suspect there are projects in our
companies,
Stanford Research, dealing with this,
but we read on to them." So there's a
very big mistake people make. Oh, he's
the president. He's chairman of Senate
Intelligence. He's another G general I
briefed was the head of the Defense
Intelligence Agency.
Mhm.
Now, for people who don't know, DIA,
Defense Intelligence Agency is the top
military intelligence organization for
the whole Pentagon and military like CIA
is for civilian. And I briefed a
three-star general, Patrick Hughes. He
had absolut we had gotten him briefing
materials before the meeting like I had
for Almo Wilson and these sort of
things. He had no knowledge and when he
made an inquiry he just got brushed off.
And yet I have a disclosure project
witness that worked for DIA
and with and also NRO imaging these
objects okay out in space and he was
very upset. General Hughes because I'm
in the conference room for the general
and I said, "Look, there are people on
your staff who absolutely have been read
into this and they're lying to you."
How does that work? Like just as far as
there being no clear chain of command.
Like how do you have pockets of middle
management that are and then higher up,
you know, their their superiors don't
know what's going on? Because I I've
heard stories like that.
They're huge. They're huge organizations
and the people who are corrupt who are
getting money out
they get kind of paid back door by
of course they're cut out they're
cutouts
they're operatives and
you know I mean there are all kinds of
knocks nonofficial cover people
so this is really an issue of both
corporate and American sovereignty
because it's you're sort of you have
this like backdoor funneling of money in
many
cas there's the legal black budget of
the United States right that the the
president and a gang of eight, the top
people in the Congress know about.
Sure.
Not all the congressmen.
Mhm.
And I deal with those folks. But then
there's the illegal black budget.
Mhm.
And I tell people, let's make it simple
for the average person. You know, if we
get build [laughter]
$2 billion for a B2 stealth bomber,
it's probably costing less than 100
million to make it. I mean, come on.
Once you've made a few of them.
Does BT stand for Biffield Brown? You
think it's done?
Well, wait, let me finish.
The rest of the money
goes out the back door, the other 1.8 or
1.9
Mhm.
billion out the back door into
these clandestine illegal
man-made UFO projects. Mhm.
So, you know, I've been over sites where
that these objects that are man-made
come up out of the desert
up through an opening, come up into the
air, and they're 100% man-made.
And I would say that almost everyone in
the normal government, let's call it the
regular, would think it was, oh my god,
it's a UAP. Well, I guess it is. It's un
it's unexplained to them. It's, you
know, it's an unknown to them. But see,
that's where it's dangerous because one
of the reasons I had the meeting with
General Hughes was
one of his colleagues,
if you look at our disclosure witness,
Merl Shane McDow, look it up, it's in
here. M
he was uh working under Sync Atlantic
Command, the commander-in-chief Atlantic
Command in Norfolk and they went to a
full code zebra alert, which means the
facility shut down. You had to have
zebra stripes on your badge or you were
shocked by the Marines there with M16s.
Everyone had to be cleared out. So I've
been there. It's an underground place.
It's where World War II would be fought.
All the nuclear submarines that we have,
I've been in there. My military escort
took me in. Admiral train, Admiral Harry
Train back then. This was in the 80s. An
object came in off the coast of
Newfoundland and it was what you said
about Jack Kennedy trying to deconlict
this problem with the Soviets. We
thought it was a Soviet object or
missile. And so he picked up the red
line to the Soviet Union. This is 80s.
It wasn't theirs. Wasn't ours or that he
knew of. It came off down the coast,
ended up being on five radar stations.
We deployed an aircraft to shoot it down
and it couldn't, but it took had gun
camera and the admiral and this
gentleman saw that footage.
I don't have it. It's somewhere.
And but the admiral was shaken to his he
had no idea what this was.
We could have gone to nuclear war over
this mishap. Think about it. the guy
sitting there in the some
commander-in-chief Atlantic command
fourstar admiral not read into this. So
when I found out the head of the Defense
Intelligence Agency wasn't read on and
he's the top of that whole system for
military intelligence, I realized this
is really dangerous that people at that
level of our government are completely
unaware of this and would could mistake
a man-made UFO with an alien one or
something from another country and
trigger World War III either on
offplanet or on planet. So this
information is of enormous national
security consequence, but it's never
been treated that way. See, this is the
problem. You know, it's movies, it's
podcast, it's entertainment, it's but
no, this is of the gravest level of
national security of anything I've ever
heard of
and I've been around a long time looking
at a lot of spooky stuff. So that is
where this is how a country like ours or
others get they get sort of stumble into
yeah a war is what happened with the
Iraq and Afghanistan wars.
Yeah.
So we have to be careful here because
here we're not talking about a kinetic
war with boom boom you know bombs and
cannons and the meat grinder of Ukraine
and and Russia. We're talking about
something that's very dangerous.
Yeah.
Orders of magnitude more dangerous. and
it simply is not being uh looked at and
managed in a way. Now, these executive
orders,
yeah,
that one I mentioned the ones about the
whistleblowers
and having a an operation to get these
uh stood down,
you know, like the facilities that have
been targeting these craft that are ET
and knocking them down, that needs to be
stood down because that could that could
lead to World War II. Mhm.
Um and and we need one that requires all
these operations to fully disclose
within 6 months or the people involved
would be prosecuted for treason and
other crimes. We need an executive order
to authorize an advanced diplomatic team
based on C5 contact to make peaceful
contact with these non-human because
there has been no response from humans.
Um that has been anything but denial or
violent
very how ridiculous. That's why I
started this whole project in 1990. It
was to to address this issue that
they're there, but how are we reaching
out to them? Nobody is not the United
Nations, no foreign ministry, our State
Department. It's all off because it's an
unknown subject. So, that has to be
done. And we need an executive order
authorizing the review and release of
the technologies, as I said, but
excluding things that could be used as a
weapon system,
right? But things that would ameliate
uh the environmental problems and
poverty on the planet
and eventually give the whole world what
[snorts] this executive chairman of this
big corporation said free energy for the
whole world
because you're pulling energy out of
this uh subatomic field. Hydrogen atom
is key to this by the way.
Interesting.
Yeah. We're getting to the weeds here of
physics. If you were able to separate
the oxygen and hydrogen bonds. Oh, the
hydrogen atom.
I'm talking about the atom. So, what
people don't Here's the secret about
Stan Meyer's little giddy.
Uhhuh.
He didn't know it at the time because
they didn't have the tools to measure
it.
It was an empirical observation. I mean,
it was just observed
uh in the real world. So, empiricism is
the foundation of most science. You know
like we can observe the effect of
something like a substance that's in
foxclo the herb digtoxin which actually
is used in medicine
for congestive heart failure.
Well it was discovered and some years
ago we observed the effect but it was
only very recently that we knew what the
actual mechanism of action at a
molecular and physics level was of this
100-year-old medicine.
Same thing with aspirin.
We knew it had these effects. We didn't
know how it worked until not that long
ago.
So this man Stan
Meyer
observed an effect that at certain
frequencies water would dissociate into
hydrogen and oxygen at less than the
Faraday constant.
The amount of energy needed to
dissociate it. What he didn't know which
has been uh documented, we mentioned
this in our documentary the law century.
If anyone wants to look at it, go to
Tuby. It's up there for free.
And it describes that when you do the
very electrostatic high voltage system
he was using at certain frequencies,
it creates these tiny little like bald
lightning effects
that [clears throat]
it kind of tiny little explosions that
activate and perturb stimulate
that zero point quantum vacuum field. M
and that's why the energy that he was
getting out in other words if you just
took the energy of oxygen and water
I mean oxygen and hydrogen that if you
separated them into the two gases and
burned it he was getting much more
energy than that but he didn't know
where it was coming from
that's where it's coming from so now we
know the physics of that and I would
like to see if anyone's listening who's
actually venture capital let's start a
venture capital fund to do this
because I've got the people who can do
it but we don't have the funding But
here's a warning to you money grubbing
[__] It's it's [laughter] gonna it's
going to be open sourced.
Uhuh.
It's gonna be like GitHub. It's going to
be put out openly to the public.
We have a mutual friend, Adam Curry.
He's super deep in a lot of these
technologies.
Oh, yeah. He's a wonderful guy.
Yeah, he's great. Yeah. Big fan of his.
But someone's going to have to actually
set up a secure lab that would be on,
you know, blockchained but open to the
internet. Everything going on is known
in real time. No secret. Sell back.
So, you're not going to do the whole
Here's the problem. People think they're
so clever.
They're going to work on this. It'll be
secret. Yeah. Until they kill you. The
Stan Meyer guys, you know who those guys
who got the Stan Meyer collection
and that Toroid, all of them but one
were killed.
Wow. And before they were killed, the
Lord I won't say his name, Lord so and
so
out of the United Kingdom who was their
fun called me up and said, "Dr. Greer,
we need your help." Day late and a
dollar short. They're after them. They
they figured out how these things work
and they they think they need to move
their lab from Michigan to another
country. I said, "Bro, you're going to
have to move your lab to another star
system. This organization will hunt you
down anywhere. And what they need to do
is dump everything they have through
blockchain on the internet and out to
the public. But see, they had such a,
excuse my language, they had a hard on
for getting the money and monetizing it
and p keeping it, you know, their own
little secret thing.
Next thing I and they so I wrote a whole
p I don't know, a couple page thing
strategy for them.
I think it's in our archive.
It is with taking the name off of the
Lord soand so because he doesn't want to
be known publicly. But
that's amazing though. Somebody in the
House of Lords was funding this free
energy.
Well, I mean, everyone's interested in
this if you've got a thinking mind
and you were concerned about the world
if you care about the world at all. But
it was done incorrectly. So, and I
warned them at the front end of it. I
said, "If you do this the way you're
planning to do it, you're dead men
walking." Sure enough, few years later,
I meet with a guy in Orange County who
who knew the one survivor of that. He
says, "And the guy was crying like a
baby." He said, "All the rest were
killed." I said, 'Of course.
What do you think would happen? They
were obscure, secret, unprotected.
And you don't I don't care if you're
Elon Musk, you don't have enough money
to keep yourself safe from that crowd.
How do you think you
So, you have to open source it.
How do you think you've been able to
survive if attempts have been made on
your life, right?
Oh, sure. Yeah. And do do you feel do
you feel protected by the ETs?
Yes,
you do. [snorts]
Yeah.
Even guided by them.
Yep.
Wow. Yeah. That's fascinating.
They have a security team and
Wow, that's amazing. Like a physical
security team or it's more like sort of
ephemeral as far as how they
No, it's both. Yeah. But they I mean,
look, they can move between dimensions
and
Wow.
you know, I put look when I died, one of
the great things of having been so sick
and died,
this is kind of worse because I mean,
[laughter]
but
you you if you have that kind of
experience,
uh I'm not particularly religious at
all, but in terms of organized religion,
but spiritual, yes, [clears throat]
Jake and I have talked about that is
that
what you're afraid of what
you know if you know there if you know
that your conscious ious self continues
in higher and higher states of
consciousness forever.
Why are you so you know make my day and
kill me. I've seen the other side. It's
beautiful.
So I don't want to I mean look I have 12
grandkids and four daughters. I mean I'm
not going anywhere unless it's my time.
My ticket gets punched. I'm out you know
but
um so I sort of like give it to the
great spirit you know and say what
happens happens. But what it means is it
liberates you from having your life
guided through fear.
So remember how controlling fear is.
Fear of the aliens,
fear of of Armageddon, fear of [snorts]
being tortured, fear of poverty, fear of
having your secrets exposed, fear they
these evildoers, these thugs control
through fear. Yes.
But remember, fear
is the mind killer. It makes people take
leave of their intellect and their
spiritual faculties.
So that is why demagogues,
religious, political, what have you,
they're very adept at utilizing fear for
control. M
that's my big concern and my beef with
most people in the UFO subculture who
put out these fearsome dystopian views
of the ETSs but also at the same breath
cover up the fact we have the technology
to stage everything that would look ET
that isn't. So un with with that being
said, if it's just at a UFO conference
with a few hundred efficionados of this,
that's one thing. But when it gets to
where someone like that is in major
media or talking to Don Jr. this
nonsense,
I have a problem with that because that
has consequences.
So people need to be very careful about
that because there's a whole team of
people who are attached to senior
national security now who know that's
going on. And if if we can get a law
enforcement operation stood up, not just
investigate because we're doing that,
but to actually act, take action. Anyone
on the wrong side of this wittingly,
knowingly is going to be in a world of
trouble because you're really talking
about colluding with a treasonous group
of people who are imminent threat to
national security.
So I I say that and people say, "Are you
making a threat?" I said, "No, I'm just
saying that it goes to follow that once
people at a certain level a government
realize that they've been had and
they've been deceived and lied to,
they have the mechanism to fix it. M
now maybe it would be fixed
clandestinely. We wouldn't know about
it.
Fine.
But I'm saying to the public, anyone who
has actionable intelligence
needs to come forward to us very soon.
If you're on the wrong side of this, get
we can get you on the right side and we
can get you immunity.
Right. We can. Now, even without an
executive order, law enforcement at a
certain level has the ability to
immunize people
if big if they completely come clean.
So, it's it's transactional in the sense
that you would have to come clean with
everything
and not be involved any further in
illegal operations and then you would be
immunized.
So, I was told a few months ago that can
be done. So, I'm I'm making an appeal to
people. Now's if you're going to do it,
now's the time to do it. You don't want
to You want to be on the right side of
history.
You don't want to be on the wrong side
of this.
Um because ultimately, truth will come
out about it.
And um it's going to be better for
people if they do what Jake and his guys
are trying or just starting to do a
little bit
and step over into the correct side of
it.
What do you think of his new private
venture, his company? Oh, I don't know.
I mean, you know, wish him luck. I mean,
so long as it's non-kinetic
against the ETSs, it's fine.
I think mostly what they're encountering
or our stuff.
Okay. Interesting.
Yeah. Because
because it's on a range that where our
stuff might fly or something or
Look, the remember 80 90% of everything
people see out there, they're calling a
UAP is our stuff.
Uhhuh. I mean, and a lot of it is so
advanced now, it can mimic an ET.
Wow.
Object. So, it takes a lot of
information
and experience to distinguish the two.
But he would have the experience, right,
to distinguish.
No, he even admits
that it's at the point that and I will
admit that as I said earlier, this
technology curve keeps going up of human
reverse engineering. So when you've had
some of the highest IQ brains in the
world gifted who worked in these
programs
studying the real ET material, material
science, physics, all of it,
you're going to eventually be at a level
of close to parody where what happens is
that even a very experienced operator
like Jake and his guys or or me and I've
been involved in contact with ET since I
was 8 years old seeing them you know and
then even more intimate contact
you can be easily deceived and this is
dangerous so this is why 30 years ago I
raised the alarm bell this is going on
but technology doesn't stand still it's
not like we got the ARV from 19 late
50s60s you know that Mark McCannish's
drawings and
sure
you know Brad Sorenson went to this air
show in 1988 that's in here
yeah you have the mama bear and papa
bear acornshaped
uh UFOs. Yes.
And he was shown this video and he was
with this Italian financeier and they go
to this sort of back of the house thing
and then they have this these magneto
hydrodnamic drives underneath and
so
yeah but the hanger at Norton which has
been decommission 88 that was an air
show to get more money from the Reagan
era people
and there were three of them. There was
the baby, the mama and the dad grandad.
Exactly. And those three that was real.
But do you know when those were built?
When were they built?
Late 50s, early 60s.
Well, they had a lot of wear and tear on
them. According to
the interior, if you I have a full
transcript
of Brad Sorenson and talking to an
aerospace writer.
Mhm.
And those components on the inside
were from the Mercury space capsule era.
Wow.
Late 50s, early 60s. But then, uh, James
Allen, the creator of the movie about
Mark McCandish, uh, Zero Point or
whatever, he died of an aggressive form
of cancer and they found heavy metals in
his autopsy. I don't know if you're
familiar.
Oh, yeah. I mean, look, a lot of people
in my team I've had
I had I was me and my best friend and
assistant at the time and a member of
Congress all got aggressive metastatic
cancers.
Jesus.
And yeah, I almost died. I had
metastatic malignant melanoma. You think
that was brought on by this time?
Oh, yeah. Absolutely. We know how it's
done. Um, I've gone through hell,
but you know, and but the point I'm
making is those the folks involved in
these programs who want to come forward,
you know, they are at some significant
risk until
the government of the good guys, let's
say,
in government representing we the people
who aren't read into this stand up an
operation to stop it because otherwise
it's an unchecked rogue power with
unbelievably malicious intent. And you
know, you can't let that go on for I
mean, it's been going on for 70 years.
Yeah.
Can't go on for another 10. I don't
think it can go on for another five.
This is why I think whether you love or
like him. The current president, that
administration is going to have to deal
with this. If we're at technological
par,
whe they like it or not,
if we're at technological par with these
extraterrestrials, how can we be sure
that [snorts] the crashes that or not
even crashes, the the vehicles that Jake
Barber and his team retrieved were in
fact of extraterrestrial origin, the egg
and the eight gun
at these test ranges in California. If
we're at par and it's hard to
distinguish, how do we know? Well, you
you have to actually get to the point
where who's on board and is it a
man-made alien or a real one
because we have man-made ones that are
both robotic and partially biological.
Is there anything about his testimony
that makes you confident that you know,
look, I think he's seems very
sophisticated and experienced.
No, he he has definitely dealt with
retrieving the non-human, but he's also
has seen and seen the testing of the
man-made ones.
Okay. And so it's his experience with
both that gives him conviction. Yes.
And then it's hard to say because a lot
of the stuff is classified as far as the
differences or whatever because I'm just
trying to think through it first
principles for me and I'm like I don't
know.
And I go through the same algorithm when
I'm out there with my team looking at
something.
Got it.
You know, is it real or is it Memorex
like the old commercials, you know, uh
you know, is is it a a well done human
faximile?
Yeah.
Or is it an actual extraterrestrial
vehicle or NHI craft? Now the best way
to do it is to under is is if the if
that object responds
very clearly to the what I call the
coherent thought intention
that ain't ours
that's ET. So one of the tests we do is
conscious
mind matter consciousness technology
interface
and if that is gets confirmed very
likely
it's ET. If it doesn't, I'm kind of
agnostic about it and say, "Well,
that might have been ours. It might have
been theirs." And it without enough
data,
um, who knows? And we have had
experiences where the ETs themselves
have teleported right into our circle or
near our circle.
We have a couple great photographs of
them.
Why are you so controversial? I tweeted
today that I'd be speaking to you. I was
very excited for this. For me, this was
a, you know, long time coming. I was
really excited to just dive deep with
you. And I want to say most people were
pretty positive on Twitter, but there
was a subset of people that were like,
ask him about, ask him about the flares
at the C5 thing like you see put out.
Yeah. You know, that was put out. I'm
going we I don't know anyone who's ever
done that at any of our events. And I
certainly haven't.
So, you're on record. That's That's
fake. According to you, that's fake.
Oh, 100%. 100%.
But here's what's going to happen.
Anything like that could be an orb.
Mhm. If you want someone who wants to
defame you to say, "Oh, well, that was
something Greer paid someone." First of
all, I don't have the assets to do that.
And secondly, I've never done something
like that. Put me under a sodium
penithol.
But those things are put out there to
discredit someone who's actually telling
the truth, the whole truth, and nothing
but the truth.
That's what they don't want to hear.
They want you to tell a partial truth
that comports with the false disclosure.
So, there's two disclosures trying to
happen. There's the actual truthful
disclosure and there's the truth that
serves the secret agenda
in 99 1999. Go look it up. I wrote a
paper and it's called when disclosure
serves secrecy.
So when a disclosure is spun in the
direction
Allah Alzando Allah she Allah Gary Nolan
Allah
Shehan you don't like Shihan?
Well, he was our lawyer, but then he
went over to Alzando. Oh.
Would you ever debate Alzando?
Oh, sure. No problem.
I think he's going to be in town
tomorrow.
Yeah. All the time.
You have any?
I'm on another show and then I fly out
tomorrow night and I'm I'm injured. So,
okay.
But this is the I don't know if you you
showed this when when Mr. Herrera was
there.
Oh, yeah. He had a model of this.
Oh, good, good, good. Yeah. So, just so
So, this is one of the cases in this new
book. By the way, everyone can order
this. It's hard and soft copy.
Cool. That's an awesome book. Yeah.
Yeah.
And Michael Strat is a great uh
illustrator and researcher.
No, he didn't do the illustrations.
Oh, he didn't do the illustrations.
No, those were done by a professional
artist.
Okay. Okay.
And some of them he had had done before
we had
Well, he helped organize your archive,
right? And he's a former Lockheed
Martin.
Yep. Yeah. He But not doing this stuff.
He was drafting and doing stuff that
conventional.
Okay.
You know, Mr. Sch was not part of the
skunk works.
Got it. Got [snorts] it. By the way,
yeah,
uh, James Goodall, Jim Goodall's friend
of mine, and he
probably was the last man
to talk to, uh,
Ben Rich,
Ben Rich before he died, and he said,
you know, Ben Rich said, "Ah, anything
you can imagine that you've seen at Star
Trek and this and that,
we already have done at the Skunkworks."
And then he said, "It's not at Area 51,
it's out in the desert there."
If you want to talk regarding Jim
Goodall, I'll be happy to get him on the
phone right right this very second. If
you want to, we'll do this live.
Let's Let's call him. [laughter]
This is awesome.
Hey, Jim, are you there?
That's okay. That's okay. So, ju just a
quick review. I'm doing this in real
time. I'm in I'm in Austin, Texas. I'm
with Jesse Michaels. I'm doing an
interview. We were talking about John
Lear. We were talking about your good
friend at You Know Where. So, could
could you talk about, you know,
paraphrase here, talk about what Ben
Rich told you at the hospital just
before he passed away?
Just before Ben Rich passed away, uh,
when I was talking to him, he told me,
and this is this is about the end of a
45minut uh, conversation. He said, "Jim,
we have things out in the desert." And
he wasn't referring to Area 51. We have
things out in the desert that is 50
years beyond what you can comprehend.
I can comprehend a hell of a lot. Uh and
he said, "If you've seen
if you've seen movies like Star Trek or
Star Wars, we've been there, done that,
but decided it wasn't worth the effort."
I've been to that site. I have videotape
and photographs from my iPhone flying in
a chopper over the Lockheed Skunk Works
site where the man-made stuff comes up.
Wow. So when I gave that to Senate
Intelligence
Committee in um September of
23 about a year,
year and a half ago.
Mhm.
About 3 weeks later,
someone sawed through the bolt that
holds my mountain bike seat on and it
fell and I went down and my left leg
came off, my foot came off. You see the
pictures and these two bones are in the
air. My left shoulder was ripped off and
my right lower abdomen was split open. I
had four surgeries in three months.
That was an attempt on your life.
And who know? I mean, somebody messed
with that. So, but you know, I went
through rehab and physical therapy and
I'm back working out and I was fine till
this happened because I leg press 700 lb
and I work out hard.
700 lb.
Oh my god.
Yeah,
that's amazing.
I work out. I mean, I'm an old guy, but
I try to stay strong. Um, most of the
people
your bench your leg press.
Yeah. In June. June I'll be 70 in June
28th.
That's impressive, man.
So, I just work out hard, but luckily
because I work out hard, you know, I was
in good enough shape that the rehab
period, you know, it was hard. I mean,
then because I had no arm or leg, I was
in a wheelchair and anyone who knows me
knows I'm very active and it was like
that was torture. So, but I'm I
recovered
and um been fine till my appendix
ruptured yesterday.
But
you don't need your appendix.
It's a vestigial
vestigial organ. Snip snip.
That's right. I think
when the nurse was rolling me out last
night at about 10 or whatever at the
hospital. I'm in a wheelchair cuz you
I'm still kind of a little loopy from
the
anesthesia.
And she says, "Did you have you
forgotten anything?" Because I had to
get dressed. And I said, "Well, I think
I forgot." Oh, I've left my appendix
back there. And
I said, [laughter] "Go get my appendix."
I was joking.
[gasps]
That's gone for good.
Oh, we we cut up a lot. I mean, as an
ER, you know, I'll tell you, when you're
dealing with major emergency trauma like
I did,
you got to develop a sense of humor.
Yeah.
Or you're going to eat your gun, you
know? I mean,
this stuff when you deal at this level,
you got to have a sense of humor.
I mean, Yeah.
And you got to have fun.
Yeah. Yeah.
And you got to have I mean my assistant
here, Raven,
and is an angel. She's 27 years with me.
My wife and I 46 years together.
Congratulations.
I have dear friends that I've been with
since for 50 years. So,
you know, you you have to develop a
support team.
Yeah.
A network of people who, you know, and
you have to learn to have fun.
Yeah.
I'm a party animal. If you ever go out
partying with
I'm wild, man. [laughter]
[gasps]
That's funny. I I feel like I've become
uh more uh
oh, I'll be out 3:00 or 4 in the morning
having a great time. [laughter]
I've become more lame since all my you
know, whatever partying I used to do has
gone into the craziness of the topic.
The topic is so crazy that I'm like,
you got to bring balance, man. You got
have to balance. Yeah.
Fair enough. Fair enough.
Balance. Mind, body, spirit. You have to
balance it.
That's true. Yeah. Always. Yeah.
Everything in moderation, including
moderation.
Everything in moderation. Oh, no. I've
never done any drugs or anything, but
you know. Yeah. I was telling someone,
someone once bought me a third tequila
shot.
Yeah.
Oh my god. Wasn't tequila. I got so
wild. [laughter] It was on Halloween. I
never had had a tequila shot. I never
drink liquor that liquor. But it was
like, oh, you know, I was like wild man
turned loose, you know.
Well, maybe at some point we'll be
partying with the ET. Who knows?
Yeah, man. They have actually they have
a great sense of humor. Uh-huh.
Uh, they can be very playful and and
childlike.
Uhhuh.
And uh very into IQ's if we had a scale
450. Yeah. In that range.
Do you think they're hybrids among us?
Well, look, I think all of life in the
universe is a hybrid, but we're going to
get into something here that's very
complex.
Okay.
Um, but if you understand Rupert
Sheldrake's morphagenic fields
Oh, yeah. He's a friend of mine. I love
him.
Yeah.
Brilliant. Brilliant. Brilliant guy.
Yeah. Um so anything that starts to
happen through non-locality and in cons
the conscious field
can begin to replicate. So look at the
entire creation that way.
Yeah.
So I look at this from a very
you know conscious quantum holographic
point of view
um which integrates [snorts] it's
integrative.
Uh now there's a place for reductionism
where you break everything into parts. I
mean medicine science you have to do
that. But there's a place to also bring
in this more holistic uh and the whole
the totality of it
that has to do with the conscious
holography
of of the cosmos.
And that's what's fascinating. I think
civilizations that have survived this
sort of crazy time we're in
and have made it through the nuclear
threshold and the transdimensional
threshold and become peaceful. One of
the reasons why I don't think they're
hostile is that if you have that
consciousness that humans have,
you're going to destroy yourself before
you get out of your solar system. Look
at us
on the brink of World War II with Russia
and China.
You know, if you don't evolve a certain
level of peaceful consciousness, so I
always tell people we have a lot of
problems,
but the root of it is very
not religious. The root of it is social
spiritual conscious evolution.
Because if we don't evolve to a certain
level of that consciousness of peace
and and seeing the oneness of life here
and out there, there's no future for
humanity because we're not using just
musketss and, you know, bows and arrows
or even whatever. Now we have weapons of
mass destruction that can destroy the
planet. And in these covert programs,
they have technologies way beyond a
hydrogen bomb
that are supercharged quantum potential
scalar type weapons. So you you really
can't go forward as a people. Uh and I
think that other civilizations have
passed this way before.
And if they survived that threshold or
maybe they crashed and came back out of
it, they've learned a very big lesson.
Mhm.
What I'd like to see is humanity
come out of this era where we are now
instead of crashing completely
transforming into a new civilization and
a new awareness about this.
And I think it can happen, but we need
to articulate it and and sort of show
that vision, that path forward. Um, and
it isn't going to happen by just
continuously stirring up hatred. See,
one of the the alien hatred thing, you
know what I think it is? It's an
exploitation of of the original sin of
humans,
and that's tribalism.
So, if you look at chimpanzees, we're
98% identical.
They organize in the troops and engage
in war.
We have that proclivity. That's where
racism, homophobia, misogyny, ethnicity,
all the war, everything we fight over,
it's it's it's demagogues being able to
trigger that impulse.
Now, the big one to trigger would be
human versus non-human, right? You pull
the whole world together as demagogues
and people wanting power against another
intelligent life form. Is that what
Reagan was referring to in his speech
when he said,
"Yes, because he had been gas lit." I
knew the people who did it.
Wow.
General Homeman, no, I'm sorry, Colonel
Homeman before he died.
He was the one who sold
uh SDI Star Wars to Reagan.
Wow.
And he told me before he died, he said
he was a full bird colonel. He had been
on that committee
selling Star Wars
to first he tried to sell it to Carter
and Carter was too smart,
didn't buy it.
Then he told Reagan, so he said, "We had
Soviet Union, these other threats, da da
da da da." And where he really got him
is that he come this team of the alien
threat. Now, he told me, he said, "We
knew that was false,
but it got billions of dollars for SDI."
So, here's the other risk with with uh
President Trump is that he could be
shown a lot of false evidence.
For example, you go in with a portfolio
of gruesome viva sections and
mutilations and abdu abductions and
other scary things all done by scops
from CIA and other cutouts. But aren't
some of these pre ability to even like
my buddy Chris Ramsey who runs a great
channel called Area 52. He's an admirer
of your work and consumed it for a
while, but he always points to these he
said there's like in 1904 there's like
this Chilean cattle mutilation series
and it's like we didn't have the ability
to do this back then, did we? In 1904,
you know,
I don't know what the EV
my lab, you know,
who knows what that was back then and
what technologies were used. If you have
those capabilities,
Mhm.
what are you using it for? I mean,
obviously, if they wanted to overtake
the Earth and humanity, they could have
done it before we had the technologies
we had by the time we detonated the
first atomic bomb.
Yeah.
Okay. So, it the there's no internal
logic to that thesis is what I'm saying.
Yeah. Now, there is a lot of reason to
believe maybe there have been other
civilizations that have done things
where they're monitoring our evolution
because they know in the future we could
be friend or foe or we could go one way
or another.
Um, and so some of this I liken to
imagine if you're well here's a good
analogy. Imagine you're me as an
emergency doctor. Y
someone comes in either a 2-year-old
child
with the symptoms of menitis.
Mhm.
Right. Which can be fatal.
All right. So, I have to do a spinal tap
and I have a needle this long, you know.
Mhm.
So, to the child, I'm a monster
who's having my nurses hold the child
down in the fetal position. They go in
and get the cerebral spinal fluid off
from around the spine to test it to see
if there's bacterial or infection,
but to the child, I'm torturing that
child.
I'm trying to save its life.
I'm I'm there with the best of
intentions doing everything I can to be
sure this child doesn't die of menitis
or have brain damage and hearing loss.
So I think we have to also be careful in
taking just a a empirical observation
let's say in an ephemeral superficial
way and ascribing modem to it
right
because think of how [snorts] many
things I've had to do as a doctor.
Doesn't that flip the other way too
though? Like how can we know they're
positive on the you know what I mean?
Because as I said the uh the colonel in
charge of the Wright Patterson Air Force
Base operations for this
uh Colonel Canola when he said to me
that he said that was I went from the
Rockefeller ranch to there.
Wow.
He was head of the foreign technology
FTD. Well at that time it was called
Fastic foreign aerospace science
technology center. They keep changing
the name of it.
Spoke to him directly.
Oh yeah. That meeting was ordered by the
head of intelligence, joint staff, not
Kramer, but another one, not not uh Tom
Wilson, but Admiral Kramer ordered that
meeting.
You met with all these fascinating
people. I don't know. Like, you know,
I'm a fan of Joe Rogan, but I don't see
how anybody can just write you off.
Like, you you really like
Well, no. I mean, it's it's threats
and money. I mean, look, I don't know. I
mean, you ask Joe, he's a neighbor of
yours, you know. Fine. I'm happy to go
on his show anytime. Mhm. Mhm.
I have no grudge against him. I just
know that I'm blacklisted off of it.
That's stupid. That's weird.
Well, who cares? I mean, you know, I
mean, I can reach a lot of people other
ways, but
So, what was your conversation like with
the
Well, I I I you know, he thought I was
coming there to see what he had. Mhm.
So I said I had my military adviser
there and a guy who was a former state
department actually CIA guy there.
Mhm.
And this meeting had been ordered
from way above his pay grade. Now the
head of air force intelligence didn't
want to do it but the head of
intelligence the whole joint staff
ordered it. I can talk about this now.
So it happened and um the conversation
kind of went like this. He went, "Well,
you know, um, I really," I said, 'Look,
I'm not here to see what you have here.
I already know what you have here.
I have people who worked in your
facility. Now, this is September 93.
So, I said, "You I don't need to see
that. I know what you have. I'm here to
let you know that we have an operation
C5 contact close counters of and we want
to deconlict what we're doing with
anything you and your colleagues are
doing so that you don't interfere with
us and we don't interfere with you.
A lot of people don't know this. That
was 93 really early on.
So you kind of came to them in peace.
You weren't like
oh yeah,
let us all out.
Yeah. But I also said the Clinton
administration is keen. He just taken
office in January. This is September
and getting and this may come here.
So you need to be prepared to cooperate.
Yep.
And uh then he said at one point, well,
what what makes you think that these
civilizations aren't a threat, you know,
the whole party line because I mean he
was a colonel. He brainwashed like
everybody else.
And I go, well, we're having this
conversation, aren't we?
We're breathing the free air of Earth.
And the fact that we're still breathing
the fear, the free air of Earth, given
the galactically stupid things we've
been doing, targeting and downing their
own craft and killing their own people,
if they were hostile like you think,
we'd be done,
right?
He just looked at me. So I said, "The
proof that they're not is that you and I
are still breathing Earth's air."
What if they're impervious? What if it's
like these biological drones where
they're like, you know, this is this is
sort of like disposable stuff.
Well, some of them are
like little Vonoyman replicators to
like, you know,
some are some are organic indigenous ET.
Some are kind of robotic.
Um, they have integrated circuits in
their cerebral cortex, but we have
man-made grays and man-made looking ones
that have that because we've studied
them.
Do you believe in different alien races?
the grays, the Nordics, the reptilians,
things like that. Or
well, no, all those names are just
racist appellations.
I mean, remember I was talking to you
before.
So, it's all one.
The foundation of all of ufology is
let's say call it interspecies racism.
That's the found everything that you're
mouththing. They've just been able to
trigger the innate racism within
everybody. Everyone's We're all monkeys.
We all have this sort of monkey mind.
But are there ones that look different?
They're dozens and dozens of them.
Okay.
I know that Clifford Stone said in the
60s
and they're all good. All of the
There's no indication any of them are
hostile.
Okay.
There's indications that some of them
are extremely unhappy.
Okay.
With what we're doing to the planet and
what we're doing to them.
So, but there is a universal right to
self-defense. Yeah. Number one. Number
two,
let's say [clears throat] you're a
species been monitoring this planet for
thousands or hundreds of thousands of
years.
In a hundred-year period, we go from
horse and buggies to thermonuclear
weapons. We go from a pristine
environment that was an agricultural
civilizations to a an industrial
civilization that suppresses
the natural evolutionary breakthrough in
electromagnetism to have free energy and
we're destroying the biosphere. We're
killing the oceans. We have thousands of
species of plants and animals going
extinct.
And so if the earth had been somehow
bioformed or assisted in its evolution,
they would be less than amused. not with
humans per se, but with the captains of
human civilization.
So they would be right in saying that
we're mad.
You know, it's like as an emergency
doctor, you can commit someone
if they're a danger to themselves or
other mentally ill or substance abuser.
I believe that these some of these
civilizations view us as collectively
insane. that humans given what we're
doing to the planet and to each other
and now to them are sort of mad
like what the heck's going on. So, I
encourage people to step out of the
anthropocentric, you know, self-centered
view
and begin to look at the world and what
we're doing through the eyes of a
nonhuman intelligent species who would
rightly be appalled
at what we've been doing to the earth
and to each other. endless world wars,
the Earth's biosphere, the oceans dying,
the coral reefs dying
unnecessarily
because we've suppressed the genius
breakthroughs of Nicola Tesla and others
in energy generation
so that a handful of Uber oligarchs and
control freaks can benefit from that
system.
Right? In the whole planet only 83% of
the population has any involvement with
energy generation at any level green or
otherwise
and for that the we're sending the
planet over a cliff.
Have we made agreements with the aliens?
Like there's this rumor in 1954 that
Eisenhower was I think in at like Palm
Desert in California or where was it?
Palm Springs.
I think it was 56.
56 might have. I thought it was 54.
Maybe it was in Mura around. Yeah. And
he says, you know, it was under the
cover of a dental exam, but he might
have actually made an agreement with
some alien.
It was an agreement. It was a meeting.
It was a meeting.
And the what the ETSs wanted us to stop
the nuclear holocaust potential.
Mhm.
And we were to then do so.
Do you believe this? Do you think this
happened? Well, I got a I got a series
of reports from the French Ministry of
Defense
indicating that meeting did happen, but
it wasn't the mythology you're referring
to. And it was really an attempt by the
ETSs before we went full-on dangerous
proliferation of tens of thousands of
thermonuclear weapons to try to change
that direction.
And Eisenhower was inclined to do so.
this cabal of wararmongering sociopaths
like Alan Dulles and Paul Melon said no
we're not
and they're the ones who then cut the
president out of the loop. This is why
one of our whistleblowers was a young
army guy at the White House in the
Eisenhower in the signal corps
I think 5960 named Steven Lovkin. You
can read his testimony in our material
and he said that Eisenhower would doodle
pictures of these you know ET craft and
he was fascinated and he brought the
issue up to Eisenhower and said
Eisenhower said well I don't have
control of this anymore.
So I think that because Eisenhower
he knew the dangers of endless war. He
had been a five-star general World War
II and he wanted peace. I think he
wanted a golden age. And I think about
the time I was born in 55. I think this
happened in could have been 54 or 56.
But around that time, this could have
all gone another way. You see?
So what a waste. And so instead
he got pushed aside. That group of
sociopaths and control freaks
then took over those operations and
those have been illegal operations ever
since. And so the president, I think
Eisenhower, what I understand, died a
very bitter man about this. He never
spoke of this in particular, but he also
knew that there was an organization that
had moved him to the side. Jack Kennedy
said the same thing to Bill Holden, his
the stu chief steward on Air Force One.
But I have many data points for this.
And so, you know, my concern is, you
know, how long can that continue with an
unchecked group with that kind of power?
Uh, I don't think it can go on much
longer because their technological
prowess has reached a point that it's
not only a threat to Earth, it's a
threat out there. And so, I think we
have to resolve it. My recommendation is
resolve it peacefully.
Well, let's see what happens. Dr. Greer,
I mean, we have uh we're kind of on the
verge of like this deep politics civil
war right now. It feels like with US aid
and Elon and Trump on one side and kind
of bureaucracy on the other side,
they're really clashing. And uh
so it's an interesting time and uh I
hope that all of the political capital
spent on all the other disclosures do
not cut against UFOs and in fact they
cascade into UFOs. So here's what take
there. Yeah,
I think all of that's a sideshow and and
a waste of time.
Here's what I think. You know, there
it's fiddling while Rome burns.
So all those other things, I'm not
saying there all there's all manner of
corruption and waste and fraud, but the
big one is this stuff,
UFOs.
It's the is this is where 8 to 12
trillion minimum is gone.
Yeah.
And it's still going.
Yeah. And [clears throat]
so the question is, you want to get
serious about this? Same thing with the
criminal criminalizing
uh
in illegally using the criminal justice
system against people,
you know, and also letting people get
away literally with murder and
abductions and kidnapping. One of our
whistleblowers whose whose case is in
here, who we don't name, he's by a
initial, he was on a crash retrieval
team in the northern Nevada desert way
north. Used to be called the Nevada Test
Range. And about I think it was 2009,
somewhere around there, he was on a team
retrieving these objects. And it's a
very long story, but cut a long story
short. uh when he reached out to us, I
was going to bring him to Senate
Intelligence and Armed Services and then
over to Arrow
and we were getting in the process of
actually getting his ticket.
Yeah.
So, those of you who cavet about the
fact you have to pay money for this book
like you do a latte at Starbucks.
I don't I'm I'm retired and I don't I
don't get money from all this. It's
paying for whistleblowers to go to DC
and provide security and all that. Mhm.
So, you know, all these the naysayers
and say, "Why is there a tuition?" I
said, "Well, how do you put on something
if it cost $200,000 to run a facility to
put on an event?"
Who's paying for that? Me. Out of my I'm
a doctor, not a tech billionaire.
Anyway, you know, but so we're getting
his ticket. We're bringing him to DC.
A van pulls up SUV out in front of his
house. His wife's at work
and they have two young kids,
boys.
And the they say, "Look at your phone
and your computer." And they had
embedded child pornography all over it.
No way.
Yep. Happens all the time. They said,
"You take one more step towards this.
You're going to spend the rest of your
life in prison and never see your
children." So, I have said this to
people in law enforcement. I said, "Why
should someone who's a hero of the
country be afraid for his life and
afraid of false imprisonment and
entrapment?
Where is our justice systems? Where's
the department of Miss Bondi? Where and
Cash Patel? Where is federal law
enforcement when you have this kind of
thuggery?" But I we've had this thugy
used against uh even folks like the
senior investigators for Senate
Intelligence Committee. So, at what
point does someone grow a pair and stand
up to the Goliath? Now, granted, it is a
Goliath and they have enormous power and
enormous technology and they're very
corrupt
and they're ruthless. They will kill
their own. But I don't think that that
is any excuse for putting your tail
between your legs and running away like
a coward. Maybe Elon's engaging in some
sort of encirclement strategy where you
go for the the less important stuff
first and then you you know, you know, I
I don't know. I mean, again, I I don't
know Mr. Musk and I wish him well.
Um and I what I do know is that there
are very senior people around the
president who are taking this seriously,
which is a good thing.
Yeah.
And um there are some wonderful people
in there uh like RFK Jr.'s 's son's
wife,
Amarillis Fox.
Amarillis Fox Kennedy is
a friend of mine and she's
going to she's on the White House
intelligence advisory group now. And and
I will also work closely with Tulsi
Gabbert. Yeah, the DNI.
I've met Tulsi before and I think she's
great. And then I heard I've heard great
things about Amarillis Fox, too.
Oh, she's one she's Amarillis is
wonderful. She's very smart. She
understands everything we've been
talking about. And I think RFK Jr. does
too in my conversations there, but uh
not at a granular level and not at a you
know, but I think uh there are people in
place who I think can help guide the
administration to what the facts are and
what the truth is. But more importantly,
we need to get past this thing of just
endlessly yaking and investigating the
issue.
Yeah.
We need action.
No, I'm with that.
Yeah. We have to we at some point the
federal government of the United States
and others are going to need to take
action to get those operations under
control. Stand down the malignant ones
that are targeting ET craft and
victimizing other humans with
abductions, mutilations, threats. And
then we also need to have somebody with
enough vision to say, "Wow, well, if
we're not alone in the universe, maybe
we should reach out."
I mean, Mr. Trump reached out to Putin
and Zalinski. Maybe we need to learn to
reach out to out there.
So, let's reach out to these
civilizations and began a Rah Prol and a
dialogue.
That's the whole concept of the reason I
started this whole project was for that
reason
on that music
and I got diverted into these other
things. But that's the real purpose is
let's go forward in a in a world where
we're at peace. Yeah.
And we're in peace and space. We've
transformed our whole civilization into
a new high-tech society and poverty
vanishes within a generation. I may live
to see it. You will. My children will.
And and let's have a new world.
That's a beautiful note to end on. Let's
move forth into a utopia, not hit the
great filter, let out all this
suppressed technology, and commune with
the extraterrestrials. Thank you so much
for your time, Dr. Green. I really
appreciate it. This is an honor.
Thank you.
Yeah.